Timothy Sackton: So, as you drift to sleep in the comfortable beds, at the end recovering from a long day of trading werewolves the full moon climbs higher and the night sky.
Timothy Sackton: infused with the light of the divine spark the moon is fully awake now the hardly aware and any normal sense of the word.
Timothy Sackton: And yet, as it grows brighter it can feel the threads of the divine that tie the world below to the spiritual realms and it pulls yearning for more for a deeper connection to the warm from the glow of divinity.
Timothy Sackton: The realms of the gods as well as the realms of demons and devils and the primordial forces of the world truck close or of the moon reaches for these realms that creates the planner tides the ebb and flow of the strength of connection between these realms of the world to tell her.
Timothy Sackton: The moon does not remember its past, although it has heard the stories of course the conflicting tells and prayers and legends of its origin.
Timothy Sackton: Is it a great evil cast out in the earliest days of creation by our and maalik curse to forget in it's great tune struggling awake for only a few days each month.
Timothy Sackton: Some tells claims, or perhaps a great hero of the age of myth born and living and dying during the long breath before time began rescued from death by art and ma given an honored place in the sky, but unable to be fully restored perhaps some tales would say this.
Timothy Sackton: or some say a hero, and the villain both granted the gift of forgetting.
Timothy Sackton: The moon here's these tales and more washing over them, and yet they find you they don't care to know the truth, even in these moments of acidity.
Timothy Sackton: As the moon begins to drift lower in the sky towards setting.
Timothy Sackton: And you awake.
Timothy Sackton: In the pre dawn.
Timothy Sackton: darkness, how would you like to start your day.
Timothy Sackton: Kong I just sent you a quick message and remember long rest if you haven't reset charges on your magic items do all that stuff.
Mike Sackton: So I think we're going to.
Mike Sackton: How exactly are we planning on scouting for werewolves.
Timothy Sackton: I was wondering that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we should go back to the entrance point and see if they're fresh tracks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know people who would have gone in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because the city side of things would have been pretty disrupted, but the secret passage outside the wall side I don't think there would have been anything to give it away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A reason.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm not a werewolf right.
kate: yeah I know we went through the ritual for you and.
kate: didn't.
kate: Somebody look at your soul, was that that was.
Mike Sackton: You know.
Mike Sackton: kinda looked at all of our souls, but he can't look at his own soul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, how do I, how do I know for sure if i'm not a well or werewolf at the ceremony work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you have any strange foods in the night.
Eric Rosenbaum: I presume.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hair hairier than you were yesterday.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not Harrier I definitely did not sleep well anybody else have any strange dreams.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not that I recall.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): drunk I was on an ocean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you really the green see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um yeah it'd be good to double check be good to double check I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hope on August 1 I don't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know wake up and kill you all, you know that definitely.
Eric Rosenbaum: What did you dream about and ask.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't remember I can't quite remember exactly what I dreamed of and, as you all know, I have a history of having some strange dreams.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But originally strange there's the sound of a hammers almost like a forge or some kind of metal on metal day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From deep underground actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is an obvious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That this is Jordan or or what but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somehow it was weird it was almost like being near the sound of the day hammers was safety somehow as long as I was near that and then the nightmares went away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do, I am be good to thinking out loud I may be all after after this little journey northam you can the head bashed in the monastery I can get checked out again because I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know i've got a weird feeling I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My turn it a werewolf until you all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Safety near the forage so it was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somehow yeah safety near the near the sound of those hammers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are TIM or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could it be something other than dwarves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Forging beneath here or is that only doors.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there was all sorts of rumors of all sorts of things.
Timothy Sackton: But it certainly sounds dervish to you.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anyways we can investigate this a little more later, but just you know side note I may transform kill you at some point.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Question tell us when.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When you were carrying sceptre to never talk to you.
Mike Sackton: know.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is it talking to you, Bob marley.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah I mean it's yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah receptor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No i'm not going to and I told it to go away, but uh this just a little troubling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No need to do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think was telling me to take it and use it.
For.
Eric Rosenbaum: For what.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know I don't really trust, it is the thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well i'd be happy to hold on to it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is very kind of you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like I like that you don't trust it and that you've ignored it will be, are you tempted at all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So the longer pause that i'd be looking for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, the thing is i'm i'm not tempted to use it i'm not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): interested in using it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I am curious about it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean i'm curious to know it story.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where it's been what it's done that's so curious i'm going to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The tune to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It may be that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Many of the events swirling about the countryside revolve around this one thing or may not we really don't know, but we should try to find out more about it.
Timothy Sackton: I assume, as your go ahead, sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No that's actually an interesting thing I wonder if well since we're here at toker with the archives, maybe we can learn some more about its history.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is greater detail, although maybe if we start asking around about it, maybe they'll they'll the darkness will be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because nobody knows that we have it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could could secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: spend to spend the morning in the archives and just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any.
Eric Rosenbaum: investigation or would it require like talking to the staff there.
Timothy Sackton: You can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I tend to think, though, that we should check for fresh tracks.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That not getting distracted sensible romy.
kate: And it was it was more we could learn from the archivist, though, when once they got a chance to through the papers, particularly the guy who we.
Timothy Sackton: Press here.
wearables.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, he may know something more about this map.
Mike Sackton: He talked about.
Timothy Sackton: Right yeah.
Timothy Sackton: He as far as I know you left all the papers with him down we'll spend a few hours translating them but didn't really understand spend the time to understand them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
Mike Sackton: I think we.
Mike Sackton: say good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I should say they're also getting back to us with some research right we like ask them a bunch of questions about stuff and then they are taking a few days to like.
Timothy Sackton: That was yeah that well that was cassie in the in the modesty monastery archives.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh OK.
Timothy Sackton: OK, I asked her about right and about.
Timothy Sackton: Right various things like that she she said she needed a few days.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: There tomorrow, probably.
Timothy Sackton: more likely tomorrow.
Mike Sackton: I think we should take them up for golden doors.
Timothy Sackton: Can somebody.
Timothy Sackton: One person investigation check one person perception, you can choose is doing, each one as you approach the layer
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 1%.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll investigate.
Eric Rosenbaum: NASA good.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I didn't see your perception, so you know as you get there it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's still dark, but the moon is bright and you have your.
Timothy Sackton: Drift club for extra late.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see the you know, obviously everything's broken and ruin right um.
Timothy Sackton: There are no.
Timothy Sackton: Fresh signs of disturbance and, in fact, as you approach, you can see.
Timothy Sackton: You can see torch light like a like a small fire light inside the first room and you see as you approach the glint of two Palace temple guards i'm sitting there.
Timothy Sackton: struggling to keep their eyes open but armed and Armor ready for for combat.
Timothy Sackton: They sort of one of them kind of looks up briefly as you approach recognizing you from your descriptions and from the fact that.
Timothy Sackton: They clearly sent them.
Timothy Sackton: told them some at least of your story looks up kind of groggy and says.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: we've been watching as per orders.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: haven't seen anything so far, nothing out of the ordinary.
Timothy Sackton: quiet night.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: related here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): anyone else stuff I are looking.
Timothy Sackton: just a handful of scavengers.
Timothy Sackton: Looking for what food they could find in some ruined building.
Timothy Sackton: No one else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, definitely good to hear about a quiet night.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And glances over at the companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, for tracks are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like anything before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM do my Am I feeling like I want to kill everybody in the party.
Timothy Sackton: No, you feel you feel calm and relaxed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No more than usual.
Eric Rosenbaum: What What about the other end of the secret tunnel yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: which admittedly we've messed it up, but we could check there.
Mike Sackton: I can certainly see if anybody's sniff drowned, although of course.
Mike Sackton: It does seem if there was a handful of werewolf left they might go to ground.
Mike Sackton: wait a few days before they did anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fewer a werewolf.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where did you go ahead.
Mike Sackton: blend with the people.
Mike Sackton: Go back to my normal life, they must all have normal lives some level.
Eric Rosenbaum: Today, or are they relatively new to town.
Mike Sackton: guess we don't know but there's so many newcomers in town I don't know how anybody would sort them out.
Timothy Sackton: Yet your Calais, I was quite confident that they weren't here.
Timothy Sackton: In like March.
Timothy Sackton: Not a very big I mean.
Timothy Sackton: it's not a big place and.
Timothy Sackton: Unless they were you know building up for years, but you know that that's not the case, because they.
Timothy Sackton: Because of the barrier.
kate: But could 11 wearables have come to occur and maintain more were native to Prince.
Timothy Sackton: For sure they could.
Mike Sackton: Be there could be some home grown ones who are qubit for who came here, I could have made seven right bye.
Eric Rosenbaum: bye only takes one.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: So it's hard to know.
Mike Sackton: There could they could have made.
Mike Sackton: 50 that could have been 15 instead of 30 right, two of them could be local to grit werewolves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Well i've now gone back to ground and are hiding and attempt to wait out the.
Mike Sackton: The attention.
Eric Rosenbaum: people infected don't necessarily know.
Mike Sackton: it's interesting are some of them seemed to be under control of it and others were not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The most is the other that pre-symptomatic or asymptomatic a period for this like entropy.
Mike Sackton: Yes, deed, but more than that, like go via was certainly.
Mike Sackton: transformed in and or to werewolf but unwillingly, whereas the ones we fought switched back and forth as needed.
Eric Rosenbaum: At their own.
Mike Sackton: discretion Well, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And is that something completely different, perhaps.
Mike Sackton: what's what's the difference between one and the other for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we should have asked them, but we killed it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: here's a question.
Timothy Sackton: You do have a scholar speak with the dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: say that one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um who else who else might be an expert in my cancer be here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder, I wonder if there may be a way to detect or say rapid tests, whether or not one one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Has this affliction wow.
Timothy Sackton: So, so I mean.
Timothy Sackton: You would actually know this, because you you've read a few books on my cancer right, so the key feature of wearables is their immune to.
Timothy Sackton: They are immune to mooned mundane weapons, they can only be damaged by magic or silver.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh so we'll just go around.
Timothy Sackton: standoff you stab somebody with a.
Timothy Sackton: plain old dagger and they're not hurt, they must be aware.
Even.
Eric Rosenbaum: When you're not in will form.
Timothy Sackton: No matter what anytime.
Mike Sackton: Now kenza would you like us to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I say, can I see your finger up.
Mike Sackton: I mean does a pinprick work.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean you have to do at least a little bit of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Damage, I have a little dagger I mean just a little thicker more like a knife.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean yeah you can you can you can.
Timothy Sackton: poke me with that, I mean the thing with warehouses it's not that it's not that the blood you can't cut their skin and then it heals very quickly, so you need to make at least a small room and like a minimum of like one hit point of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go ahead, you can read me well me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just gonna lie.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a give me a loss slashing the arm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, you promise you're not gonna be mad about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I i'm honestly much more concerned that I may I may be afflicted with this this asymptomatic like hands up, and you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wake up and kill you on on the first so yeah go for it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right, do it on your left shoulder your right.
shoulder.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, do that then i'll use my little knife.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just give it a.
Timothy Sackton: Try to cut all roll Wendy four minus one minimum of one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow rapid werewolf test I love it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that's a one.
Timothy Sackton: minute one, so you take one point of damage the wounds that then cut on your shoulder does not seem to heal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Either i'm not a werewolf or it's just still too early in the does these course and we have to keep you need to keep cutting me every day.
Mike Sackton: For the next 10 days.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tropic load, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah yeah okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well that's that's someone relieving Thank you well, we.
Timothy Sackton: Think our makeup an archive or history check as well.
Timothy Sackton: So you also remember from the same book you read many years ago that described the way to cure like entropy that um.
Timothy Sackton: That there is there are stories that some like cancer given to the curse.
Timothy Sackton: and doing so makes them more powerful.
Eric Rosenbaum: And more dangerous.
Timothy Sackton: and gives them.
Timothy Sackton: But of course changes their personality dramatically.
Timothy Sackton: Does that resist can resist for a while, though, supposedly everybody eventually gives them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like I said i'll continue to monitor my symptoms.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that that explains a difference.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: between people that day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wait wasn't it last time that i'm after is when i'm cured my cancer up, I was going to test to see if I select coven what day was that what did we play us.
Timothy Sackton: A fun day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To.
Timothy Sackton: Two weeks ago, from today weeks ago to.
Timothy Sackton: That I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: want to correct okay yeah I was still testing positive for coven until until until the 27th.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that would have been something amazing, though, if.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
that'd be a nature paper.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cover science.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you heading from here.
Mike Sackton: I think we should.
Mike Sackton: head north.
Mike Sackton: As we just got I mean.
Mike Sackton: I don't think there's any more to do with these werewolves today or tomorrow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But agree.
Mike Sackton: If if they're still here the town is alerted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there anyone that has automatic weapons.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because it's rather hard to send them off without that.
Mike Sackton: guards equipped with silver.
Timothy Sackton: spearpoint sees two guards had silver spears yes.
Mike Sackton: i'm silver silver works well.
Eric Rosenbaum: classic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so there's a general awareness of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
Timothy Sackton: alerted yeah that are you getting the map, are you.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes, we meant to take, I meant to take the map.
Mike Sackton: And the should we we never gave anybody the scroll of making pandemonium crashing to tell Gary.
Timothy Sackton: No, you can't get that.
Timothy Sackton: I assume you kept that as.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, which girl.
Mike Sackton: there's the scroll that would bring pandemonium closer to.
Mike Sackton: tell her.
Timothy Sackton: scroll on something to bring the play in a band of onion closer to talk, as well as listed as in your party tried.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's like a spell.
Timothy Sackton: yeah Maybe you can only use it at very high tide.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You want to, are you going to go back to the archive so you couldn't go back to the archives and.
Mike Sackton: check, yes, I mean I.
guess.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What when we spoke when I think we should run over to the entrance to the secret tunnel, though just check there.
kate: that's where I thought we were going, let me came to the other entrance instead.
Timothy Sackton: So that's about.
Timothy Sackton: 800 feet out of town roughly.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we just leave to the secret tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: awesome.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right yeah we're not.
kate: Really in the race tracks on the way, are.
Mike Sackton: We kill them.
Eric Rosenbaum: As far as we know, we took everything out.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so heading down.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we go into the basement yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You go back down to the basement.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, just to be clear, your first you're going to go back to the archives then you're coming back here and going into.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I.
Timothy Sackton: Already just wanted to say you.
Mike Sackton: took yes, I was trying to tell you earlier we're going to take the map, but.
Mike Sackton: It was in the course of conversation really I thought we always kept them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, if you want to have kept them out that's fine.
kate: I thought we wanted their expert opinion on the map, like, I thought we wanted to leave it and have them like explain everything to us.
Timothy Sackton: I mean laughter because you left all of this.
Mike Sackton: stuff for.
Timothy Sackton: Go here to study.
Mike Sackton: I thought we were getting go via to study the ritual and what the werewolves we're up to and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, yes, that much soon i'm not comfortable leaving that map.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With her.
Mike Sackton: yeah mini there.
Mike Sackton: is to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It awful.
Timothy Sackton: yeah okay that's fine.
Mike Sackton: We don't really want go here to figure out the map honestly because maybe there's some maybe he'll go back right he's shooting showed himself not.
Mike Sackton: Smart like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um do we know who made.
Mike Sackton: That drink Koreans.
Timothy Sackton: Now, it was the dunmurry map.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I thought.
Mike Sackton: It wasn't.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: Right, it was a it was a done Mari map from before the Great War.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is another good object, do we have do we have a light objects to show them your part of the thing we do right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You got Ross at the top of.
Holland.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To scroll cases good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah the scroll cases probably top.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Top choice right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: scroll case found.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In wearable flare.
Timothy Sackton: have just.
Timothy Sackton: Just to clarify the map was made.
Timothy Sackton: was made by so there was a there was this.
Timothy Sackton: Chief of papers you found in the archives that were ladders from commander ilya to the summer nine yard rod.
Timothy Sackton: And the map was you learned of the map, because one of those letters said, basically, there was one approach that seems safe drive carefully map them given to my troops.
Mike Sackton: So it's it was old Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: But this is not.
Timothy Sackton: This is not pre Great War.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, but nyan dynasty.
Timothy Sackton: is founded, after the great war.
Mike Sackton: So it's hundred years ago.
Timothy Sackton: something you don't know the exact time.
Timothy Sackton: So you had down into the tunnels.
Timothy Sackton: As the sun is just beginning to creep above the horizon and in the.
Timothy Sackton: takes you know not very long you travel through these tunnels and emerge, just as the sun is beginning to rise over the horizon.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe five six miles south of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the pandemonium ruins.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the.
Timothy Sackton: planes the the terrain around toker seems quiet at this.
Timothy Sackton: At this early.
Timothy Sackton: Early dawn just you know the occasional sound of like metal clanging and you know people starting.
Timothy Sackton: about their day drifting, especially from the cluster of buildings around Dr Sean has caravanserai on the on the western outskirts of town.
Timothy Sackton: Outside the walls.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: The the place where you emerge is this sort of hollow on the side of a long sloping hill that leads up to this old dunmurry for a handful of miles and the distance.
Timothy Sackton: And you, you know kind of make your way around the trap and the and the, Cavan that you left here in the beginning, you know when you enter and emerged into the sunlight.
Timothy Sackton: Having.
Timothy Sackton: tracks, the the trail before well be you are able to pick it up again without too much trouble.
Timothy Sackton: Leading North towards this Fort.
Timothy Sackton: So you begin to.
Timothy Sackton: Travel and you can see, after.
Timothy Sackton: couple miles.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe three miles, maybe close to an hour's journey as the sun starts to get a bit higher in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: The just the top of this hill not.
Timothy Sackton: Not much detail to be resolved it's still two or three miles away, but you can see the sort of height of the land that you're heading for.
Timothy Sackton: And there seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: It almost seems like it's in in shadow, even though there's no clouds in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: is just it's like fain and misty somehow.
Timothy Sackton: continue for another.
Timothy Sackton: Two three miles another hour, maybe the sun rises higher in the sky until your maybe.
Timothy Sackton: A little less than a mile maybe half a mile south of the summit of this Hill and you can see now here the.
Timothy Sackton: The one lone tower that still stands from this Fort.
Timothy Sackton: stretches about maybe three stories and then otherwise somewhat featureless flat top to this land, but you can now see from this distance, you can you know, even though it's.
Timothy Sackton: Even though it's you know.
Timothy Sackton: still some distance away.
Timothy Sackton: With the angle of the sun, you can see it catching on what seems like a cloud or a fog bank just kind of sitting on part of this hell.
Eric Rosenbaum: There were two towers.
Timothy Sackton: There are two towers, one is more ruined than the other end so it's not enough to get it's not as tall.
Timothy Sackton: I see there were four towers originally.
Timothy Sackton: But the only the taller tallest of the towers is visible from this this.
Timothy Sackton: So keep going.
Timothy Sackton: what's your marching order here.
kate: Is the place you're returning to or you've never been in wanted to check out.
Eric Rosenbaum: we've never been.
Mike Sackton: This is, I don't know how careful I mean I think we're looking for signs fat.
Mike Sackton: We were still following the track, where does the track no.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, well, we make a survival check see if you've been able to fall keep.
Timothy Sackton: Keep your eye on the track as you head north.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Looking at the map.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you've the trial is heading straight for the.
Timothy Sackton: straight for the top of this hill.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are those are there any fresh tracks in the last 24 hours.
know.
Timothy Sackton: The whole trial itself seems a bit stale.
Timothy Sackton: Like at least.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe at least two or three days since anyone's been this way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What do you think there's nothing fresh since last night and that's the biggest question we had.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As curious, as I am to see where this trail goes I also don't want to go mad.
Eric Rosenbaum: indeed tempting to investigate the fisher into the plane of into money and but look be wiser to stay away from it so it's possible we've just um you know totally resolved well werewolf issue locally.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): half our offices tower.
Timothy Sackton: Like half a mile.
Mike Sackton: To it i've lance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): clairvoyance file.
Mike Sackton: One mile range.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I had suggested that before yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I love it.
Mike Sackton: i'm saying it's let's do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do that great idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then.
Mike Sackton: When is that ever not worked out well for us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly i'm only when it's was asterisk consequences but.
Mike Sackton: More great what dive and terribly what died so you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was great both times the second time also ended up being great.
um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there anything, so we should do in a look inside of this Tower, we know that the fisher is somewhere in between the towers, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah from the map should I try to like put the I into the fog bank or into the tower.
Timothy Sackton: What well.
Timothy Sackton: clairvoyance is not doesn't magically give you the ability to see through fog.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's the thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Put it inside the tower.
Timothy Sackton: The tower is not intact there's no roof.
hey.
Mike Sackton: What about sending one of your.
Mike Sackton: Poor innocent animals well be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A.
Mike Sackton: It goes mad while you're watching through its eyes, will you go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will be mad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah let's just send some baby elves in there, why don't we you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): doesn't seem right, I mean their.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Face they're creatures they don't deserve that.
Timothy Sackton: Just to remind you remember that one of the like old veteran guys did describe people go up to the top of the hill right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And what come what what I just run a head to the top of the Hill and come back right quick.
Eric Rosenbaum: When did you finish your sentence TIM.
Timothy Sackton: No, I mean that was all they come back.
Eric Rosenbaum: And they come back totally.
Timothy Sackton: Before one of the guys talk to you.
Did yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think it's safe.
Mike Sackton: To go a little closer right like the impression I got was it's a gradual it's not like you take one step and all of a sudden year washed over by pure insanity it like it's as you get closer it gets worse.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, let's form a form a tight little Group and
Eric Rosenbaum: make our way up there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I vote against will be rushing in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: enroll enroll 20 are y'all but but can you point out where we are right, nothing just a little.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A little yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're that's.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, where do we think saka saka the.
Timothy Sackton: monkey is somewhere North up the river.
Mike Sackton: somewhere like.
Timothy Sackton: here.
Mike Sackton: Right nobody's at this Tower right.
Timothy Sackton: Correct well not that you know of.
Mike Sackton: everybody's at this Tower over here.
Timothy Sackton: This tower, is where the.
guns.
Eric Rosenbaum: And for what reason we don't know.
Mike Sackton: Dreams dreams said.
Mike Sackton: End of universe go to tower to prevent.
Eric Rosenbaum: was all about.
Mike Sackton: It we should go ask them doesn't seem so far out of our way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe they're on a side quest.
Mike Sackton: Maybe they think maybe they're fighting werewolves right now, as we speak, last night at the tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright.
kate: I would wear heels care about that tower it's far from the pandemonium entrance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well yeah where's the pen ammonium entrance again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We mark that on the red X.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's all that is there okay all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what we're approaching right now under the under the fog right.
Mike Sackton: I think we go a little closer right.
kate: I mean we could do like the tied together with ropes one person in the lead, you know we all backup they go NUTS thing.
kate: or something.
kate: For it that worried, but yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's our goal here, what are we trying to find out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's see what's on top of the hill.
Eric Rosenbaum: We know it's up and down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I see a closer.
Mike Sackton: More practically I think we're just trying to make sure that there isn't any recent activity where.
Mike Sackton: Hoping that the map as we get closer will white with glowing letters tell us how to get there safely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, we want to definitively prevent this prophecy from coming true.
Mike Sackton: Because that would be bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we've killed somewhere wills, but it is entirely possible that there are more right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The most promising.
Mike Sackton: genetics curse will overtake the land if their team werewolves lay down their lives or do something creepy on the August 1.
Eric Rosenbaum: And they need that 13 spheres.
Eric Rosenbaum: They need to 13.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, if they need this scroll that we have, but maybe not.
Mike Sackton: so clear in the it's in the session notes.
Mike Sackton: It was when the six moon rises and the betrayers sky when the divas echo of madness is nigh an ancient cave of mad when sold 13 brethren 13 prayers 13 cool Downs spears prepared will bring forth the how of empty despair and genetics careful claimed land, but basically get a summit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but we kill them all, so when we tell we tell been.
Mike Sackton: killed the 13 of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Mike Sackton: If there were 26 though we haven't killed all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: worlds.
Eric Rosenbaum: Smart werewolves.
Mike Sackton: Any iron spears we did.
Eric Rosenbaum: We did.
Mike Sackton: desired spheres in the in the wearables were.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: found one.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we like um can we monitor like the wastewater have to grow, just to see like if the overall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like improve.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's very.
Timothy Sackton: Ambitious of your to assume Cobra has wastewater.
Mike Sackton: wow What if we just monitor the River downstream.
Timothy Sackton: Well yeah.
Mike Sackton: It does basically.
There it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um it's not altogether terrible idea uh wait, so why can't we wouldn't want why don't we use clairvoyance on the hill.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean, why not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well there's a fog bank.
Timothy Sackton: Not covering the whole top of the Hill, just like dense fog in the middle of the towers.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that's where the actual pandemonium crack is.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, as far as you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: As far as you know, from the map right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, clairvoyant seems wise right like if they're like any monsters standing on top of it, or like emerging out of the fisher that'd be good to know in advance right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Assuming that it could see through the fog right.
Mike Sackton: there's there's nothing that lets it see through the fog per se.
kate: But if clairvoyance sees any interesting stuff in the fort that we might want to go get because we think it would help us to understand the map, or the plot or anything.
kate: Like maybe they left some relevant gear goodies.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm all right i'm gonna put an eye into the Tower just to end this quick question um so I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sit cross legged on the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: draw glowing I in the air and cast.
Timothy Sackton: So your eye appears in the top of the Tower looking down yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You can see you immediately can tell that actually there is like a makeshift roof above the eye because.
Timothy Sackton: It is dark well, it is, it is dark ash in here there's cracks in the wall and there's a big open window so there's some light coming in.
Timothy Sackton: And there are three people.
Timothy Sackton: camped in the sort of opens ruin space at the base of the Tower.
Timothy Sackton: One is sleeping on a straw pile.
Timothy Sackton: The other is sitting.
Timothy Sackton: kind of.
Timothy Sackton: His back up against the stone and is.
Timothy Sackton: Holding.
Timothy Sackton: Like a lot of longer stick and seems to be like kicking are poking the third one who is.
Timothy Sackton: Tired tied tied with a rope.
Timothy Sackton: Like a long rope that is anchored into the wall and as i'm scrolling around on all fours looks like he was just a woken by the second one, and he is.
Timothy Sackton: Like looking around almost almost like an animal and i'm like scurrying around and then kind of rushes over to a.
Timothy Sackton: looks like a pretty rancid high high end limbs of an antelope.
Timothy Sackton: sitting there long enough that they started to blow to little bit and just starts like ripping into an eating it and kind of looking up around and sort of giggling a little bit and seems to be like constantly whispering and monitoring, as he moves about this.
Timothy Sackton: circle camp area.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just what kinds of was doing this morning.
Timothy Sackton: This goes on for a few minutes, the muttering sometimes while you can't hear anything you can just see not moving.
Timothy Sackton: And then so other things, you see, as you look around and there's there's also a you know, a small bone pile like it seems like there's you know this camp has been.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): occupied for some amount of.
Time.
Timothy Sackton: And there are two straw piles of one somebody sleeping on the other, or somebody you know this person is whacking this.
Timothy Sackton: Other person with a stick.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: A couple of long bundles wrapped in leather.
Timothy Sackton: And curled up in.
Timothy Sackton: sort of piled up in one corner looks like a long rope ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: gotta go in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: class.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is liberating all rope ladders.
Mike Sackton: fair wages for their work, none of this, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Unionized the letters well there were leather bundles you said.
Timothy Sackton: to sort of long.
Timothy Sackton: bundles of something wrapped in like tight waterproof leather.
Mike Sackton: Like spirulina years.
Timothy Sackton: yeah It could be that long.
Mike Sackton: All right, I think we have.
To.
Eric Rosenbaum: switch briefly hearing.
Eric Rosenbaum: see if I can catch any scraps of conversation.
Timothy Sackton: That there's not.
Timothy Sackton: there's not that much it's not really a conversation, you can hear the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: The whispers neither of the two sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Other people are talking about sleeping one is sleeping and the other one is just kind of sitting there.
Timothy Sackton: kind of watching, but the the one who is tied up, you can you can hear the monitors kind of some of them rise and some of them lower and occasionally you'll hear too soon too soon too soon too soon or.
Timothy Sackton: Not enough not enough.
Timothy Sackton: not yet not yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: I sensed the desire to do a kind of ambush.
kate: We can intentionally not kill everybody this time.
i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like hippie.
For instance.
Mike Sackton: I think we don't know what what they they are yet right.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's at least one acting suspiciously we're wolfish.
kate: But the other one just keeps them around and books them with a stick.
kate: Also, we.
kate: I don't think we're here.
Mike Sackton: Are they like well dress or they like in drags like.
Timothy Sackton: The one is tied up is like in like batter like scraps of clothes, you know kind of hardly wearing much at all.
Timothy Sackton: The only thing you can see, is.
Timothy Sackton: Around his neck he's got like a leather strap that ends and it's something that she like it looks like a dagger she faces.
Mike Sackton: Are they young or old.
Timothy Sackton: He is this, this one is sort of indeterminate age, but he's in seems like he you know doesn't eat much asleep much and looks Gaunt and sort of battered so it's hard to tell.
Timothy Sackton: The one.
Timothy Sackton: The one is sleeping is kind of can't see much about them at all as they're sleeping you know with a.
Timothy Sackton: With a blanket pulled over them.
Timothy Sackton: The one who is often sort of poking with the stick is.
Timothy Sackton: You know, maybe middle aged wearing sort of drab travelers clothing nothing particularly notable not particularly armed or anything you don't see any weapons on him.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: There is in like in a corner in the rope in the.
Timothy Sackton: In the Tower there's.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a couple of short swords and a crossbow and a bunch of crossbow bolts, but.
Timothy Sackton: No, no real Armor or anything like that doesn't seem particularly well dressed.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly not like a.
Timothy Sackton: Great camp of like well off people.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nelson this complex that they could that there could be additional people.
Timothy Sackton: Know it's I mean this isn't really I mean, yes, but you can't move clairvoyant so once you put it.
Timothy Sackton: There are, you can see from this distance i'll say you can see, the second this was once like a like a.
Timothy Sackton: Four towers in a corner that made a square wall surrounding this like misty place in the middle and then there were outbuildings on the outside of the walls, instead of the inside of the balls.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the outbuildings must have been would or or something because there's no real sign of them left was a bunch of rubble string around, and you can see, one of the towers has kind of fallen over and.
Timothy Sackton: Two of the towers are just kind of bear circle of stone.
Timothy Sackton: So there's only one tower that's still standing beyond like 15 feet or so this Tower is maybe three four stories up that still intact.
Mike Sackton: But there's no interior floors or.
Timothy Sackton: there's no interior for this big empty, just like stone and rubble on the ground, some of its been cleared out but not alone.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: there's well there's like the there's like half of the.
Timothy Sackton: Not half maybe a quarter of the Tower south is sort of an open gap like around where the door is and sort of fallen open so there's a big hole in the side of the Tower that you can go in and out of and then further up there's a few wind us.
Eric Rosenbaum: 90 tell if there's a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Particular relatively small change, I could make to the stones are on the base of the Tower to cause it to collapse, preferably inwards towards the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Center.
um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean if you are right next to the tower and spend some time investigating you're familiar enough with stonework you might be able to find something, but it would there's nothing obvious from clairvoyance and.
Eric Rosenbaum: It takes me.
Timothy Sackton: i'm you'd have to.
Timothy Sackton: Do a whole perimeter and kind of you know, spend a.
Timothy Sackton: Good 10 or 20 minutes like investigating before you could be sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: knock on the stone blocks and right.
kate: or their windows or big gaps that I could sneak up to and be able to see into the room and see everybody.
Timothy Sackton: While there's a big gap on the like whether once was a door there's now like a 10 foot high by 15 foot wide just big gap that you could easily see through, but of course they could see you, there are no first floor windows, there are higher for windows.
Timothy Sackton: there's two went to intact windows on the like halfway OPS, and maybe 15 or 20 feet off the ground.
Mike Sackton: And there's a.
Mike Sackton: Half a mile from us.
Timothy Sackton: This is half a mile from you yeah.
kate: There are only three of them, it seems likely we will take them, but I just want to know what will learn if we just place in there and kill everybody if I snuck up and did hold person on two out of three of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it'd be good to learn more of the plot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we can enlist their captive ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why do they need a rope ladder.
Mike Sackton: To go up or down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, it was that have a bridge.
Eric Rosenbaum: We used to say captain.
Eric Rosenbaum: Obvious um.
Mike Sackton: Well, we use rope ladders for all kinds of things that have nothing to do with going up or down.
Eric Rosenbaum: airplane.
Mike Sackton: My guesses either to climb down into the abyss.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: to climb up out of the Tower someone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's interesting.
Mike Sackton: Like what else would it where else would they go with either.
Mike Sackton: See, this is something interesting at the top of the Tower or to go down down into the abyss.
Eric Rosenbaum: must be done.
Mike Sackton: I think it makes sense to approach our.
Eric Rosenbaum: They don't.
Mike Sackton: Like to be keeping watch.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can quickly acetate them.
Mike Sackton: And then I think.
Mike Sackton: i'm very curious what they do.
Mike Sackton: Not even wow are they even well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's go find out.
kate: A little bit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And exactly and the goal is to capture right.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you had up towards the.
Timothy Sackton: cliff or sorry the tower, who is.
Timothy Sackton: Who is traveling where and.
Timothy Sackton: you're obviously trying to be stealthy.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think we're I think we're.
Mike Sackton: All traveling towards the tower.
Mike Sackton: But I mean.
Timothy Sackton: in what order spread out in a line, the five of you all across are you how are you arranged.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Two ranks with the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Risk when and dealt with in front of the other three behind.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker friendly leading the rear guard.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and is anybody sneaking ahead, are you just counting on.
kate: Our.
kate: Numbers so.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So everybody to make a fast.
Timothy Sackton: As you approach within you know.
Timothy Sackton: You hundred feet 50 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: up.
Of the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: I tripped.
oops.
Mike Sackton: That is.
Timothy Sackton: A year oh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I give a perfectly silent air high five to cancer.
Mike Sackton: And we haven't seen residents.
Mike Sackton: disastrous role.
kate: My role will be disastrous, as soon as I figure out how to do it, I mean I have it with a zero with disadvantage, but I can't i'm still suffering through failure to operate.
Eric Rosenbaum: We.
Timothy Sackton: could just go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Through with this advantage on style.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean just worrying heavy.
kate: Armor Armor.
Eric Rosenbaum: gotta be some disadvantages to that.
Timothy Sackton: that's just one roll roll again see if you.
Eric Rosenbaum: could do worse.
Mike Sackton: it'd be where she could be seeker kicking up the dirt I think over to inspect it topic of in the air.
Mike Sackton: skipping stones.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's really.
kate: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God.
Timothy Sackton: You know what you describe as snappy individuals in your circumstance.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so you approach you get to about and you're you know kenzo and and welby are sort of gliding silently a front keep looking back at the seekers monitors and, like the claims of.
Timothy Sackton: The claims of raisins Armor you get you get to about.
Eric Rosenbaum: The shield great.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 50 feet from the tower and you i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be you hear.
Timothy Sackton: Like the sound of.
Timothy Sackton: like somebody being poked and and voices like hey what's that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll very quickly say telepathically each.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): they've heard us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh OK.
kate: We run.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, forward.
kate: I run.
Mike Sackton: Why not i'll run to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Look.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cuz i'm thinking like we don't want them to get out and scatter something and.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should surround the place.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's a nap.
Timothy Sackton: Not not a perfect map but zoom in on the top.
Timothy Sackton: Top left corner.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh nice okay.
Timothy Sackton: And this is basically the camp and.
Timothy Sackton: So you run.
Timothy Sackton: Just to keep things simple and in order here let's.
Timothy Sackton: let's roll initiative.
Timothy Sackton: I need to put your tokens on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Here so terrible set of initiatives from all of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh boy.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: You can.
Timothy Sackton: Put yourself wherever you want, as I drag you out.
Timothy Sackton: i'll say as you're running forward, you can make to kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Who am I missing.
Mike Sackton: phrase when I know there's there's one speaker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speaker this crazy fog is that, like actually like a thing or is that, just like.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's hiding the brochure into the plane of his money.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh right.
Mike Sackton: Like how far.
Timothy Sackton: You could get yeah you could get to like their where.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where are they TIM.
Timothy Sackton: i'm Sarah inside in there yeah.
Mike Sackton: In here somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: I am i'm pulling them out.
kate: Am I supposed to move my own token.
Timothy Sackton: wow yes.
Timothy Sackton: Oh that's not right at all.
Timothy Sackton: could have sworn I had a token I can't find my token for the crazy guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: And where's the letter.
Timothy Sackton: Of course, the latter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Half to get pretty close to wake it up so so that might not be available.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, of course, you have to be to wake up.
Eric Rosenbaum: 30 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's just checking that.
kate: Do you have one magic bladder it's you have like a affinity for all ladders, it turns the magical.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have the ability.
kate: Whole ladder experience.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have an ability called animating performance but it lets me take any.
Timothy Sackton: All right now it's coiled up so i'll just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Larger or smaller non magical item and like bring it to life, so it can fly around and attack things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It turned out to be like a way better better fighter than my all of us in the last.
five.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Were.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pretty keen on accumulating as many ladders, as we can he how many how many can you able to animate simultaneously.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just the one.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, just one time yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean it could animate a boulder or something it wouldn't be that different.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean personality wise, of course, the very.
Eric Rosenbaum: same stats.
kate: it's a temporary thing like.
Timothy Sackton: You don't yeah laughter laughter like curled up in your bag right now.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I feel like plan for it to go to college for one hour.
Timothy Sackton: i'll just use this for their sort of crazy guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do have a rope ladder in my backpack that was once alive that's true.
kate: that's sort of where I was doing didn't you have.
kate: A platter already.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe the rope ladder could go over and pick up the other inanimate rope ladder and wield it.
Timothy Sackton: The.
kate: third thing that looks like a crazy person is, I mean the third thing looks like a token is a crazy person and not a ladder.
Timothy Sackton: There is a ladder and then there's a crazy.
Timothy Sackton: coiled rope up here.
Mike Sackton: that's the latter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I don't understand why this is so messed up.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the range quick.
Timothy Sackton: yeah take this take your take care, like two minutes to figure out while i'm dealing with the fact that.
Eric Rosenbaum: You want to try to track them in there right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah well 20 seems that.
Timothy Sackton: something's broken on my role 20 i'll fix that give me a second.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a way for them to exit out the back, are we at the entrance basically and there's no other entrance or exit.
Timothy Sackton: there's no other end there and entrance or exit Besides, this one.
Good.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, here we go.
Mike Sackton: But yeah I think we're just trying to trap them and do them so anything that would okay.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry wait, let me grab your initiatives now that i've got that ah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh me as a.
kate: cloud with their broke letters, there could be something we can't see in the fog this.
Mike Sackton: There could be something that that is true.
kate: So anyway, these.
kate: Are the to keep an eye on the fog.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh.
Timothy Sackton: 12.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a really great point here is is when justice we're about to enter into combat when.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will just completely ignore with.
kate: Five of us and three of them.
it's true.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you want to try and intimidate them into immediate surrender.
Mike Sackton: yeah I would go for like.
Mike Sackton: I mean we don't.
Mike Sackton: know anything about them, they don't know anything about us I go for an intimidating move, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so um seeker as.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am will intimidatingly with my hands in the air and making these senior sinuous snakes of glowing energy that slide into the grounds, making it erupt into quicksand.
Eric Rosenbaum: trapping them in place and so that's a 20 or wait, let me cast it.
Eric Rosenbaum: A 20 foot Square.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's absolutely.
Mike Sackton: Does it do anything if we walk into the space, or is it only if you're in the space.
Timothy Sackton: it's only when it appears okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's not helpful.
Timothy Sackton: Wait wait wait i've got a better one, for you here.
Timothy Sackton: Well, yours.
Timothy Sackton: Oh nice I like that yep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So they all need to make what kind of SAVE is that.
Eric Rosenbaum: The strings on their languages to.
Eric Rosenbaum: succeed on a string saving throw or be restrained until the spell ends.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow.
Timothy Sackton: All quite well this one here.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: Is restrained.
Which one.
Timothy Sackton: Which one can you.
Timothy Sackton: Can you Oh, why.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bottom left okay.
Timothy Sackton: It should be giving me a status here, but for some reason don't have my scripts to working there we go.
Timothy Sackton: And secrets concentrating.
Timothy Sackton: Also, is not working.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why does it it doesn't check off my spell small slots reliably.
Eric Rosenbaum: does not work.
Timothy Sackton: But the other two are are the other two seem to struggle free for as the as the floor turns to.
Timothy Sackton: The floor turns to mud and earth and then quickly solidifies around this one's feet.
Timothy Sackton: This one.
Timothy Sackton: Who is next is going to.
spell.
Timothy Sackton: You can move into the.
Timothy Sackton: it's still difficult terrain, but all of the people in the area when it's cast are affected by it he's gonna he's gonna move 1015 and just i'm like he's grabbed a sore but he's looking a little bit dubious just kind of looking around seeing you cast the spell he will yell um.
Timothy Sackton: Who are you what are you doing here, as he begins to.
Timothy Sackton: shift.
Timothy Sackton: into a werewolf.
Timothy Sackton: kenza Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My computer here, so the phrasing on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For I attack kind just yells.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At what the Fuck to even yell.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean he's a boy off now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I mean we.
Mike Sackton: yell we killed your master.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a good thing to your surrender now.
Mike Sackton: We can cure you if you surrender wise be prepared to die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's say those things any reaction to him when we when we.
say.
Timothy Sackton: make an intimidation check.
Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: We made some kind of tool that we could use to help.
Eric Rosenbaum: People.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right if there was something that granted proficiency and intimidation as soon as.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you like.
Mike Sackton: To actually quite good at intimidation jax can do that yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You can do it on your turn.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: let's see if Kansas exceeds, but that was gonna be my plan anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so should I run intimidation check.
Mike Sackton: Well, we can try.
Timothy Sackton: You can both try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It I got a plus one on the.
Mike Sackton: F plus seven, but you know same def.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow are you so intimidating.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: don't you find out.
Timothy Sackton: He looks as the shifting he looks around.
Timothy Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: looks kind of looks back over his shoulder he looks at his companion, who is restrained looks.
Timothy Sackton: kind of shaken not entirely sure he completely believes you but definitely like doesn't immediately rush forward and attack at this point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was still run up in engaging.
Timothy Sackton: You still can move that's your action.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm just noticing that we're we're once again really close to werewolves where anyone bite.
Timothy Sackton: You stop your your move and your bonus action but intimidation is your action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, so I can still go up and do a do a 30 blows.
Timothy Sackton: You can only do a fiery buzz if you attack ah, but you could also say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a good idea i'll do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll move slightly closer, like every beer and then I will also say.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: These things are really fast, probably to right like.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm much closer than I should be oh man.
Mike Sackton: yeah you should have moved away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, too late for that yeah.
Mike Sackton: quicksand was a good move, though.
Mike Sackton: And that's all difficult trains him, so the guy in the back is gonna have a hard time getting out even though he's not frustrated.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Also.
kate: made up.
Timothy Sackton: He is tired on a long road, yes um.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But nothing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: So you learn as part of your soul site you learn.
Timothy Sackton: its strongest stability is strength.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it is kind of uncertain and confused and nervous.
Timothy Sackton: And you can also optionally forth to take make a wisdom saving throw and do 2d sex psychic damage if it fails.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see that's it.
Timothy Sackton: which I simply want to do.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: it's not great at wisdom, it fails.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, did you six.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry Okay, so a damn oops not to eat.
Timothy Sackton: cakes eight.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so eight psychic damage and it definitely seems uncertain now down with your up all right.
Mike Sackton: i'll go up about here i'll go i'll go right up to him, why not.
Mike Sackton: And point my start at him and i'll.
Mike Sackton: Tell them.
Mike Sackton: you're mastering 12 of your allies are dead surrender now.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's.
make an intimidation check.
Timothy Sackton: With advantage because kenzo grease the wheels below.
Mike Sackton: That now that's very useful because I rolled a one of my first role.
Mike Sackton: Not that much better my second role 1413.
Eric Rosenbaum: boys sort of cracks and for.
Timothy Sackton: His like clearly on the edge of breaking.
Timothy Sackton: sega game damage caught him by surprise doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: Is it sort of looking around confused and uncertain about.
Timothy Sackton: What he wants to do well be Europe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm what the hell i'm gonna try to save you can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like we can take these guys if it comes to a fight but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So i'll take steady aim at him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But instead of shooting i'll say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Every other one of them is dead 13 of them are dead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You have no one left there surrender.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We went through them like a knife through butter will do the same to you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, making that I can check also with the dead edge.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's good cuz I have nothing on intimidation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hey.
bro.
Timothy Sackton: man with that last just looking down the barrel of.
Timothy Sackton: of your.
Timothy Sackton: sherpao i'm looking down that arrow of your short bow ah like.
Timothy Sackton: You can see and cancer, you can immediately sense, like the dawning realization that he.
Timothy Sackton: Finally, believes you and just kind of cracks.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: shoulders slump kind of looking around and as as this happens.
Timothy Sackton: You can you can hear the monitoring from this.
Timothy Sackton: From this one in the back is like just getting louder and louder.
Timothy Sackton: And louder.
Mike Sackton: crazy, one of the back is gonna come attack us we're gonna do it.
Timothy Sackton: too soon too soon.
Timothy Sackton: it's not time not time, yet not time, not enough not enough.
Timothy Sackton: But he'll still come he'll still come and if if they are dead, even though he has week so we're not ready, not prepared and then he draws this this creature this mag creature in the back draws the silver dagger out of his.
Timothy Sackton: Out of the sheath and you can you can smell his flesh burning or they just kill stabs the dagger into his chest and blood begins to pour out of him.
Timothy Sackton: As.
Eric Rosenbaum: His flesh is burning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, because of the dagger.
Timothy Sackton: that's not burning it just.
Timothy Sackton: it's like yeah you can almost hear that says.
So.
Timothy Sackton: And whispers are coming they're coming they're coming.
Timothy Sackton: If all is lost, maybe all is not lost, you will hear the whispers, then you will see, you will help you affect set when the time is right.
Timothy Sackton: And he looks.
Timothy Sackton: As he falls forward.
Timothy Sackton: In a moment of kind of triumph, and also despair.
Timothy Sackton: As he dies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you pick up here.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna turn around and look at the fog as anything.
Timothy Sackton: nothing's happened yet.
Timothy Sackton: When you're up.
kate: Okay.
i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just step away for a quick second thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is in the fight over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: didn't this render and then the other crazy guy killed himself and the other person is restrained and that it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
kate: Well, I mean have we talked to other person is other person surrendering to see still human.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, he is human and restrained.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's.
Timothy Sackton: So far, still human.
kate: All right.
kate: I guess.
kate: i'll say to.
kate: Both of them.
kate: Can you explain what your what your companion had to say in his last moments, can you tell us more we can heal you we can help you get back to a different life.
kate: move a little closer to.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So this one here, who is who is.
Timothy Sackton: Who is.
Timothy Sackton: restrained is just kind of struggling against the quicksand i'm kind of looking around both in horror and all at what this.
Timothy Sackton: What this person did.
Timothy Sackton: it's like.
Timothy Sackton: kind of looks looks almost terrified like she wants to run doesn't doesn't speak just looks.
Timothy Sackton: Basically, like what what have you done.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not ready.
Timothy Sackton: And it's just kind of looking around and fear not, not so much at you.
kate: Oh she's not ready.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For the ritual.
Mike Sackton: or generic to eat her.
Mike Sackton: or whatever terrible things that's happened.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, she has gone to spend her action trying to break free of the quicksand.
Timothy Sackton: which fails.
Timothy Sackton: And that will bring us back to seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Nice, you can see.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: Where the blood.
Eric Rosenbaum: On this.
Timothy Sackton: creature spelled out.
Timothy Sackton: it's like teeth and mouths are starting to form.
Timothy Sackton: In the middle of this pool of quicksand as the blood congealed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh God.
Timothy Sackton: And like.
Timothy Sackton: tentacles are starting to reach out of.
Timothy Sackton: Out of.
Timothy Sackton: His body.
kate: yeah you mentioned that.
kate: Before I took my turn.
Timothy Sackton: No, this is happening right now you'd like it was this was happening as seekers turn starts.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm gonna bust that up with.
Eric Rosenbaum: erupting Earth.
Timothy Sackton: And you can hear the like you can hear this babbling of this crazy person just getting louder and louder and louder.
Mike Sackton: That the dead crazy person.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
kate: Is loudly babbling from the mouths of the.
Timothy Sackton: From the many mouths of the creature that just appeared.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah man that's not good.
Timothy Sackton: let's see up nope you're fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's generic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This creature is friendly.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I might I might be the good kind of many mouth thing you know it's um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like a very weekend jack right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's kind of exciting, this is our second demon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so i'm going to cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: erupting Earth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is in range 620 feet it's a 20 foot cube.
Eric Rosenbaum: And oh it's already difficult terrain, but anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to try to catch the new creature, and the werewolf which will mean I probably cannot catch the restraint.
Timothy Sackton: person another word correct.
Timothy Sackton: Like that you can.
Timothy Sackton: do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what I was thinking to do, yes, all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay cast roped in Earth.
Timothy Sackton: And so, those are death say is yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: creature lot the creature are emerging out of the blood in the dead bodies of the.
Timothy Sackton: The dead body of the one he just stabbed itself is not very dexterous and fails completely.
Timothy Sackton: Well aren't known for the dexterity either, and also fails completely so this earth just wraps around them bashing them both on the werewolf is looking pretty badly hurt at this point um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: World surrendered right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah, but it still got caught in this bow.
Right.
Mike Sackton: eaten by this gibbering mouth with this crazy creepy thing right.
kate: So you do it.
Timothy Sackton: Well, and.
Timothy Sackton: seekers turn.
Timothy Sackton: It is going to rod.
Mike Sackton: Yes, it's a maybe it's smart enough to run away.
Eric Rosenbaum: difficult terrain lately.
Timothy Sackton: I know the first step was difficult terrain.
Timothy Sackton: So I can only get to.
Timothy Sackton: There is anybody chasing it.
Timothy Sackton: you're not.
Are you taking your attack of opportunity.
Timothy Sackton: don't.
Mike Sackton: I do, that non lethally.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Sure, why not just.
Eric Rosenbaum: up a month ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Any mainly attack can be non lethal.
Timothy Sackton: That it.
Timothy Sackton: does not.
Timothy Sackton: kill him either he's gonna dash around to the backside of the Tower here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay kenza you're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um I guess i'll chase after him.
Mike Sackton: Are you ignoring the giant monster that that you just saw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, what do you guys think, though, let him run away.
Mike Sackton: I don't think he's going to get that far right.
Timothy Sackton: heads up do you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think go run over knock them out.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think you guys got you guys got the technical monster right come on.
kate: chasing down and come back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, good.
Mike Sackton: I like your favorite us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um can I can I dash and go fast and stuff.
Timothy Sackton: You can dash that you do stop with the wind, you can dash as a bonus action which because you 90 feet of movement, so you can easily catch him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Over.
Timothy Sackton: I will do that 1-234-567-8910 1112 yeah you can totally catch them.
Timothy Sackton: Right well that's a bonus action and your moves, so you still have your regular action you can make two attacks against him, if you want to try and knock them out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And knock them out there all Florida blows and knock them out.
Timothy Sackton: Well, just regular tax because you already use your bonus action to dash you need to spend a key for step of the wind so spend one key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it okay on on on.
Timothy Sackton: That first one, Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Still second attack that hats and 10 is enough to knock them out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or any.
Timothy Sackton: Nice, so this.
Timothy Sackton: One is now on conscious.
excellence.
Timothy Sackton: was put a red X on him and that ends Kansas turn down with Europe.
kate: that's far enough away from the tentacle monster that it can't like.
kate: eat him for extra bonus points.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sorry down with you need to make a ah.
Timothy Sackton: wisdom saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why.
Timothy Sackton: Because you can hear the horrid whispers of the creature.
Timothy Sackton: But they don't seem to affect you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: similar to the voices already in Dallas mine.
Mike Sackton: yeah all right um.
Mike Sackton: I don't totally feel prepared to just run into an attack it.
Mike Sackton: Ah.
um.
Mike Sackton: But it seems.
Mike Sackton: I really cast the defensive spell first probably.
Mike Sackton: This is difficult train yeah.
Mike Sackton: That one somebody's gonna I can attack it from here right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah.
Mike Sackton: i'm just gonna attack it, this is somebody to come back me up here right.
kate: i'm right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah and.
Mike Sackton: there's a 21 hit.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: flash to do it.
twice.
Mike Sackton: And you know what actually.
Mike Sackton: hold on i'm gonna bonus action hex it first.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so that adds six to damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So that was.
Mike Sackton: 13 plus nine.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: I got it okay well i'll be your APP.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will take a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Careful aim and with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Two extra charges fire shoot this thing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 17.
Timothy Sackton: That had yep.
Timothy Sackton: And how much fire damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not great for so that's what 21 all together.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as it it's like clearly you're.
Timothy Sackton: Still forming and you sort of attack it as it's still like trying to like emerge out of this dead body.
Timothy Sackton: And you can hear like the the monitors are getting louder or not in a language you can recognize they seem to be just almost jibberish.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: It than it like I was just looking around and let's see.
Timothy Sackton: On.
Timothy Sackton: Events that attacks nope it lunges forward at the.
Timothy Sackton: At the strange creature next to it.
Timothy Sackton: Having advantage on the attack, but still utterly failing.
Timothy Sackton: And then it's going to turn around and.
Timothy Sackton: It is gonna spit.
Timothy Sackton: three.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is my free.
Timothy Sackton: it's like.
Timothy Sackton: almost like it's hacking up like a.
Timothy Sackton: bloody.
Timothy Sackton: piece like glob of phlegm and it lands.
Timothy Sackton: right here next to dial within Islam and then explodes in a flashing.
Timothy Sackton: lights and both of you must make dexterity saving.
throws.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever, that is, you probably don't want to get affected by that either.
Timothy Sackton: You are both blinded.
Oh.
Mike Sackton: fun.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): not ideal.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: floating.
oops.
Timothy Sackton: floating out of the mists behind you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): nope nope.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something friendly and helpful undoubtedly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sex oh God oh geez.
Timothy Sackton: it's a tall large shadowy creature, it seems to almost be forming and reforming.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So.
Timothy Sackton: From the shadows.
Timothy Sackton: And it's tall and big and it's sort of like every now and then ahead or form and it's constantly babbling and whispering as it.
Timothy Sackton: You know, as it.
Timothy Sackton: As it moves and it's going to just begin to begin to whisper.
Timothy Sackton: And there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: isn't wearing a name tag that says click on it.
Timothy Sackton: Now, with raise when.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, with and resin make wisdom saving throws.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: raise when you shake it off down with you can hear the whispers going ladder in your head and it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's whispering.
Timothy Sackton: And you turn and you can't see what you're doing, but you just swing your sword in a wide are make a ah you.
Timothy Sackton: Use your reaction to make a.
Timothy Sackton: melee attack against raise one.
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: And you also take seven points of psychic damage that does not hit resume and has very good Armor.
Timothy Sackton: But seven points of psychic damage as well.
Timothy Sackton: resume in Europe, you are blind.
kate: Well, I was about to try to cure dealt with blindness, but I think i'll cure my own instead.
kate: i'm just gonna cast.
kate: restoration.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you are no longer blinds.
kate: And as a bonus action.
kate: That will do as a bonus action.
kate: Not much, I can't cast spiritual weapon right.
Timothy Sackton: You can't.
Mike Sackton: know because you already cast.
yeah.
kate: Can I bonus kind of bonus action like manual attack.
kate: No yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well that's a regular action.
kate: and out of actions um except to step away from dough with maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can make.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can make dealt with not blind.
Timothy Sackton: is true.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I would be helpful can catch him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On in touch yeah like.
kate: I mean, I can make him not blind to but i'd rather make him not likely to spam me again before I make him not blind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here in Kansas, a little further away to.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I can move like rush back into.
Timothy Sackton: combat but he is pretty fast.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: use that monk.
Timothy Sackton: agility so you can move, if you want.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: You might not to you know suggest you're totally selfless person, but you might stand between seeker the giant monster that's gonna eat him alive.
Mike Sackton: yep but his his little AC of 12 or whatever it is.
Timothy Sackton: You can't get that far you can.
Timothy Sackton: Only move five squares.
kate: Well, I was here so.
Eric Rosenbaum: 13.
Mike Sackton: minutes for five.
Timothy Sackton: You can get right in front.
Mike Sackton: Of the jury or five here.
kate: Like here.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you could get there.
Timothy Sackton: i'm Okay, that the creature and it's like large form.
Timothy Sackton: steps forward again.
Timothy Sackton: And now i'm just gonna it just rather than whispering it's just admitting this loud how.
Mike Sackton: It didn't already take a turn.
Timothy Sackton: gets to turns.
Timothy Sackton: that's good I admit this loud how and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: step forward to there and then just as loud, how will we will emerge from it is just um this wave of.
Timothy Sackton: it's like.
Timothy Sackton: Just well actually i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, raise when seeker and well be i'll make wisdom saving throws.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think.
Timothy Sackton: You did on that one completely ignores.
Timothy Sackton: As unaffected by this creature.
Timothy Sackton: However, dealt with or sorry well be and.
Timothy Sackton: seeker both take 10 points of psychic damage.
Timothy Sackton: and your mind is filled with.
Timothy Sackton: Just random so seek or make a.
Timothy Sackton: Concentration check for the quicksand as well, and your mind is just filled with like random fragments of just secrets that just.
Timothy Sackton: palate your consciousness and you are stunned until the end of its next turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: make a concentration.
Timothy Sackton: Just like on safe.
Timothy Sackton: Constitution saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: As your your mind just fills with up and entangle or quicksand vanishes.
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: So this creature, is no longer restrains.
Eric Rosenbaum: But i'm not concentrating.
Timothy Sackton: You are not concentrating anymore.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and.
Timothy Sackton: you're just you're just like just these you know.
Timothy Sackton: almost overwhelming speed of just like secrets like random, some of them are just like random fragments of what must be somebody embarrassing moment, some of them are in some other language just.
Timothy Sackton: spilling into your mind, so you are both stunned until the end of this creatures next term so seeker you're up, but you are stunned so nothing happens kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: URL sucks.
Timothy Sackton: hey if kenzo can do it to the monsters monsters can do it to you.
Mike Sackton: yeah strictly have to be true, by the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: The shrek from my period and if people have read that.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah I read that I don't think I read that book a school but.
Timothy Sackton: Canada Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: I read in college yeah but it's not a good thing to this with.
Mike Sackton: Your haven't you gone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So kinds of you know, ran around the camp, you know did his part to do the subdued the werewolf knocked unconscious preparing to casually stroll back around the corner to seeing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, of course, his companions defeating the struggling and imprisoned, you know weird monster thing and turns the corner, I guess, have to dash all the way back then not him.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you have to dash all the way back.
Timothy Sackton: That gives you 90 feet so that's nine times that's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18 years.
Timothy Sackton: 18 squares.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so i'm gonna get over here about here first and then realizes oh shit what the Fuck is happening to the all the peeps and we'll run over to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, should I cure dealt with blindness, or should I engage the monster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your question is doing the blindness thing as an action item or.
Timothy Sackton: An action yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But you're already going to use your bonus action to dash anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So okay.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to get within range of something you're gonna have to dash.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright well i'll get over here, and then I will, I will not make.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Both see yet right because he's still potentially charmed and attacking us.
kate: We don't know how long that lasts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'm going to try to kill us then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good I will I will I will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, can I use my staff on it, I guess it probably none of us by a werewolf he needs can only be five minutes i'll just fucking punch it.
Timothy Sackton: You can try your staff it's up to you punting is always safer, if you think it might resist magic weapons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will, I will just punch a twist.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm on.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that hits.
Timothy Sackton: That hits it's looking it's looking pretty rough at this point like you know you're basically pummeling the shattered remains of a dead body and it's like starting to come apart at the seams now the.
Timothy Sackton: Like you know it it's probably one more solid hit and Miss thing would disintegrate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): OK, Tim didn't make it safe against the burn damage for this round.
Timothy Sackton: By its turn hasn't come up yet that's at the start of its turn right yep.
Timothy Sackton: So that ends Kansas turn so now that you have to spend another key on the dash.
Timothy Sackton: dealt with you are still blinded you are no longer possessed by some desire to strike your friends.
Mike Sackton: alright.
Mike Sackton: I will cass.
Mike Sackton: defensive spell.
Timothy Sackton: I O, and you wait you add hex op right.
Timothy Sackton: So you need to make a.
Timothy Sackton: Concentration check for X is.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, no, actually it's.
Mike Sackton: Kurt X plus curse know constantly.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: yeah I don't I try to avoid concentration, I mean.
Mike Sackton: I can't wait cast to spouse so only only some of them are concentration.
Timothy Sackton: Right got it.
Mike Sackton: And i'm going to cast i'm going to cast Armor of I guess I guess us.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: Since I can't see anyway, I may as well take the turn to be defensive.
Mike Sackton: And I can't really do anything useful with bonus actions.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sorry at the beginning of your term make before you cast your spell make a wisdom saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: All right.
Timothy Sackton: I know you don't actually cast the spell.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Well, let me say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
Timothy Sackton: You move you use all your movement to move.
Timothy Sackton: Lola roll out.
Timothy Sackton: All da.
Eric Rosenbaum: fully the ladder was here to do.
Timothy Sackton: Now that's North so all your movement to move around.
Timothy Sackton: straight up and around Kansas.
Timothy Sackton: 1028 so basically only get to the other side of kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: And that's it you just run.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You I thought he's gonna cast Armor baghdatis but on the on the wearable bad guy but give him.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sorry actually before you.
Timothy Sackton: Before you run no actually that's fine you got it you're good Robbie you're stunned.
Timothy Sackton: This thing now um.
Timothy Sackton: I guess well turn in bite you down with.
Timothy Sackton: With advantage because you are blind.
Timothy Sackton: Which is not going to help it with an eight.
Timothy Sackton: And then let's see if it gets that back.
Timothy Sackton: And then it will.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Go to rule and say first.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah con save.
Timothy Sackton: It actually.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you see 13.
Timothy Sackton: Now, so how much damage does it do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A 2d six so for.
Timothy Sackton: 20 point.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: it's on fire it's not super happy i'm launches that at da with in.
Timothy Sackton: utter failure distracted but then turns around and.
Timothy Sackton: launches another.
Timothy Sackton: Class last of this spittle right there sorry right there so dealt with and kenzo both deck saves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, no.
Timothy Sackton: Doubt with with disadvantage because you're blind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dexterity saving.
Timothy Sackton: Does blindness give you disadvantage on deck says.
well.
Timothy Sackton: Why don't think so, actually, I think I just made that out.
Timothy Sackton: No, it doesn't sorry not with disadvantage you automatically fail ability checks that require site.
Timothy Sackton: But it doesn't say anything about safe, so you succeed kensal you are blind.
Timothy Sackton: As its turn, no doubt, with your site returns this the bright flash doesn't seem to last for all that long.
Timothy Sackton: And now the shadow creature is going to step forward once more.
Timothy Sackton: Seeing seeker stunned paralyzed by its whispers is going to reach out and touch you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh man.
Timothy Sackton: With advantage because you are stunned.
Timothy Sackton: That is a.
Timothy Sackton: To heads.
Timothy Sackton: And you are going to take 13 points of psychic damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: And that will end its turn.
Timothy Sackton: resume and you are up.
kate: All right.
kate: it's right next to me, I have a magic weapon and i'm going to wail on it serious might, how do I do that do I do that spell first or do I do the attack roll first.
Timothy Sackton: You you cast the spell and that it lasts until you either fail or concentration check or hit a creature.
kate: That.
kate: And then.
kate: I attack with shatter storm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So we're all your head.
Timothy Sackton: 19 hats.
Timothy Sackton: So you do your regular shatter storm damage plus 12 points and fire damage.
My.
kate: Regular shatter storm damage 28 plus three.
kate: Is it.
campus.
Timothy Sackton: And every Wednesday 10.
Timothy Sackton: Now, when do it because you have a shield so using it one handed.
Timothy Sackton: You strike it and as it began, like the fires almost dim the fire of your of your attack dims a little as as you hit it.
Timothy Sackton: But your warhammer still make solid contact, despite his incorporate reality, because you know it's magic.
kate: i'm serious might damage come up yet or Do I need to do that too.
Timothy Sackton: But no, it came up it's there it's it showed up right when you 12 points.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't seem to resist the fire somewhat, but that also sets it on fire right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is genet right.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Actually, genetic.
Timothy Sackton: Genetic you'd all be dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: To Nick is it is God, like, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a super region it because they couldn't like summon him properly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's one of us our.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's genetics deputy under office manager for logistical affairs.
kate: So yeah it the series Mike puts it on fire.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: seeker your mind clears the memory of these secrets you heard beginning to fade slightly as you wonder if, maybe you concentrated harder, you could learn some deep hidden mystery of the world and shake your head a little bit and think, no, I have to fight.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah i'm going to turn this creature into a small fish.
Eric Rosenbaum: Casting polymorphous.
knows.
Timothy Sackton: What makes it safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, not much I can do about that oh bonus action I will give inspiration to.
Eric Rosenbaum: who's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I give inspiration myself Jesus.
Timothy Sackton: You can't inspire yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will give inspiration to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, be he's closest.
Timothy Sackton: Our guy.
Timothy Sackton: kenza you are up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, I will spend two key to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cleanse myself.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And no longer be blind.
Timothy Sackton: You are no longer blind great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is well just do the hip point kill this thing right.
Timothy Sackton: yep So if you if you so that's an action to kill yourself, you can still make one attack as a bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Already here, he goes.
Mike Sackton: pretty good.
Timothy Sackton: That kills that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Alright, so that the thing you you your senses it never really completely form like it was, like all these mouths just kept growing and with this mass punch it just.
Timothy Sackton: disintegrates into the SLIME that sort of spreads out across the ground oh actually sorry before you do, that I keep forgetting maker wisdom saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: Now, if you actually get to do any of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: thing was was friends with a creature from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Food punk.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you get to do you get to do that.
Timothy Sackton: Your turn happens as normal.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Down with your up you're no longer blinded no longer affected by anything.
Timothy Sackton: It is dead, so no.
Timothy Sackton: need to make a wisdom save.
Mike Sackton: It can't quite reach the other guy though unfortunately.
Mike Sackton: I am going to.
Mike Sackton: Myself, I will run over there, which is far as I can get.
Mike Sackton: to cast blame.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's that you.
kate: See.
Nothing.
Timothy Sackton: Well me Europe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will take.
Studying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): With the second two.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): charges.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Terrible rules.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Still so it's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 17 and hopefully it's on fire.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't have to roll a safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not for the first one, but for subsequent rounds.
Timothy Sackton: Right right I got it um yeah I mean you see the flames it.
Timothy Sackton: Again, it seems like the fire is not completely affecting it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that and you return it now is going to.
Timothy Sackton: Look at.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be.
Timothy Sackton: Down with and raise win and all of you must make actually.
Timothy Sackton: yeah all you must make wisdom saving throws.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A means for inspiration.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So da.
Timothy Sackton: da.
da.
Timothy Sackton: But you still get one temporary hit point.
Timothy Sackton: and
You turn.
Timothy Sackton: And you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: You drop your bow draw the vicious short sword and swing it dealt with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like I was the one worried about attacking everybody and everybody else attacking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh no.
that's real.
Timothy Sackton: That is really bad yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's real robot what is it.
Timothy Sackton: A dozen extra seven points of damage damage and then you do not get sneak attack, though, because.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's only 14 then.
Timothy Sackton: wow no but you gotta roll that D sex twice.
Timothy Sackton: So you create doubles the dice so you gotta roll.
Timothy Sackton: So it's 14 Plaza de sacs so it's 18 points of damage to TAO a.
Mike Sackton: Little rough.
Timothy Sackton: and think he didn't cast Armor if I get this that are you would have taken 20 points of damage back.
Mike Sackton: That is true.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: That and it's turn.
Timothy Sackton: Red when you're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: till it.
Timothy Sackton: At the beginning of your turn make a comment it's a concept to see if the burning fire goes out it's a fire from two sources.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, that would be the beginning of its Estonia role than eight so.
Timothy Sackton: Kate remind me searing smite did you put the description up there.
kate: It says.
kate: At the start of each of its turns until the spell ends the target was making saving.
kate: throw.
kate: Our guy on a failed say that takes 26 fire.
Timothy Sackton: Damage so it's the same role to saving throws overall, one for each source of fire.
Timothy Sackton: I sorry I forgot to this at the beginning of its turn, but there was no way it was going to die from that fire, so it failed for resilience that you do an extra need sex.
Timothy Sackton: it succeeds for well be so.
Your fire is out.
kate: It did you roll the damage or.
Timothy Sackton: Do any do you have to.
kate: Do you see the six.
Timothy Sackton: yep I see it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK, so that ends, it turns arizonans up.
kate: alright.
kate: i'm going to.
kate: So.
kate: Can I do it.
kate: Can I cast a spell and then use a camera yep okay i'm gonna cast spirit guardians.
Timothy Sackton: that's a good choice.
I can find it a new habit.
Timothy Sackton: How long a public radio says that.
kate: I haven't found it yet, and this long list spells i'm apparently able to do.
kate: This.
kate: It says.
kate: Only happiness third level is that possible.
Timothy Sackton: Because it is only a third is a third level spell okay.
kate: um.
kate: You call for 15 feet around me okay.
kate: All right.
Timothy Sackton: And that's at the start of its turn.
Timothy Sackton: So click cast the spell So hopefully will pop up, though.
kate: It says, I clicked cast and it says choose choose damage type radiant or an aquatic in both radiant.
kate: Think i'm reading rather than the chronic.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: But that's what the start of its turn, which actually is right now, so it must make a wisdom saving throw.
kate: So I don't get it like a bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah sorry you do.
kate: I would never mind I can't do anything.
kate: Oh, I was gonna was that's why I was asking about a can trip but.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't have any bonus action kendricks to you.
kate: Well, I was gonna hit it with my.
Timothy Sackton: Bad.
kate: that's not a bonus action so i'm i'm all done.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so let's turn it makes a wisdom saving throw against DC 15 and it fails that.
Timothy Sackton: So it takes 11 points of radiant damage and looks now turning sort of angry in your direction Richmond and lets out another.
Timothy Sackton: maddening how.
Timothy Sackton: rez when.
Timothy Sackton: Down with and well be i'll make wisdom saving throws.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry seeker ya know you three that's fine.
Timothy Sackton: nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: Down with you are now the secrets of the world rushing to your brain.
Timothy Sackton: And you are listening to the.
Timothy Sackton: overcome stunned by the.
Timothy Sackton: By this madness and it is now going to retreat.
Timothy Sackton: So seeker and resin you can both take attacks of opportunity if you'd like to use your reaction.
Timothy Sackton: What.
Eric Rosenbaum: How does that work what What can it what kind of attacks Can I make.
Timothy Sackton: melee weapon attack.
Timothy Sackton: Only yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't even have a magical melee weapon so.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can shoot it with a crossbow I guess.
Timothy Sackton: You can't use range weapons so your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Article.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll use my short sword.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And was when you can also.
kate: Practice shadow shadow storm, but I can't I can't throw in I can tap on that and make it.
kate: out late attack.
Timothy Sackton: Not for you're not for an attack opportunity.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Those both head surprisingly.
Timothy Sackton: seeker your attack doesn't really seem to penetrate it's.
Timothy Sackton: The like floating myths of its body.
Timothy Sackton: Is when your hammer.
However, does connect.
Timothy Sackton: And it seems to shrink a little bit as it.
Timothy Sackton: As it.
Timothy Sackton: Were retreats.
Timothy Sackton: So secret Europe.
Timothy Sackton: is now lightly obscured.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You trap it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't run away.
um.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just want to destroy this thing I think it's it's powerful.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can I get smalling.
Timothy Sackton: hiding in the corner.
or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just is erupting earth on it, which is a deck saving throw is it dexterous I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will cast.
Eric Rosenbaum: corrupting juris.
Eric Rosenbaum: on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice damage.
Mike Sackton: Good Dennis role.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And it fails it's a.
Eric Rosenbaum: grounded explodes in a fountain of rocks and mud around it.
Timothy Sackton: cans out your APP.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be it's like caught it's floating just off the ground, but still this link.
Timothy Sackton: Oh last of earthen and rocks Parmalat.
Eric Rosenbaum: I also since.
Eric Rosenbaum: will be did such a great job with his vicious short sword, I will give him inspiration again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm pretty far away.
Eric Rosenbaum: And i'm going to run back, I can move to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep i'm just gonna go back here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think I can get there, even with dash right.
Timothy Sackton: You can get there.
Timothy Sackton: You can get here with dash.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can get to it by dash.
Timothy Sackton: dash yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm yelling.
Timothy Sackton: Over.
Timothy Sackton: 90 feet of movement customer but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All over and.
See.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry guys my computer's slow, right now, and I will, I can only bonus action right one one rm strike.
Timothy Sackton: know you can only only your regular action to attack stash of the bonus section.
Timothy Sackton: The Scott key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay yeah I will honor i'm striking twice.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: The second one hits.
Timothy Sackton: Connecting and and his shadow form now is starting to like pulsing like beginning to break up a little bit on.
Timothy Sackton: coming in waves now.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo make a wisdom saving throw for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if I don't want to.
Timothy Sackton: send to God and so close to the Miss than.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, the second year.
Timothy Sackton: Down with his stunned.
well.
Mike Sackton: I banished.
Timothy Sackton: Roll your dad with his thunder vanishes.
Timothy Sackton: And can do nothing happens to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Officially wise yes.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the Europe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Study aim.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah 23 probably.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: As beginning to like flake apart and bigger and bigger pieces now.
Timothy Sackton: seems like one or maybe one very solid hit or maybe two not quite so solid hits with would blow it to pieces, now and it's definitely shrunk down a little bit um it's gotten smaller now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh cool.
Timothy Sackton: Only now has one turn to.
Timothy Sackton: That as well, please turn it already saved against your flame effects are now in his turn it still has to try and save against race wins flame effect.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to be too, so it is still burning from your fire as well, so another D sex.
Eric Rosenbaum: As.
Timothy Sackton: Again, it seems that somewhat resist the fire, but it does take damage and is now going to.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody is next to anybody okay it's going to reach out to kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: And touch you.
Timothy Sackton: That is a natural 20.
ooh.
Timothy Sackton: You take.
Timothy Sackton: You take oof.
Timothy Sackton: 20 you take 34 points of psychic damage.
harsh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much.
Timothy Sackton: 3434 points of psychic damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you still in your feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, i've loved hip points left.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: And then it will.
Timothy Sackton: Know it's going to just stay where it is.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's gonna it'll it's going to feel it's feeling risky it's going to retreat further back into the mess so kenza you may use your reaction to make an attack of opportunity against that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: It is not.
Timothy Sackton: Quite dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking well be you like shooting shooting arrows and fucking kill it please.
Timothy Sackton: It is now have secured.
Timothy Sackton: and, hopefully, presumably still on fire has only you guess a few hit points left probably almost any hat will kill it at this point, but it's not it's heavily obscured it's not visible.
Eric Rosenbaum: going to take it down with some mockery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, please.
Mike Sackton: it's not visible.
Timothy Sackton: Although.
Timothy Sackton: You know, residents, or I doesn't need to see things to hit that damage that just you know saying.
kate: Is it my turn.
Timothy Sackton: it's your turn yeah.
kate: Oh okay sorry I thought it was somebody else's i'm sorry.
kate: I can't I guess i'm going to move as much closer, as I can to improve my chances and.
Timothy Sackton: how you can move five squares.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's what's previously restrained person doing.
Timothy Sackton: ran is hiding in a corner this.
kate: cowering in a corner.
kate: yeah are you putting me there, am I, putting in there.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just showing you where you can move to.
Timothy Sackton: Any of those squares.
Timothy Sackton: Last you spend an action to dash.
kate: But then I wouldn't be able to attack when I got there so.
Correct.
kate: So i'm still.
kate: I mean i'm not in melee any means.
kate: 30 feet away.
kate: guess I don't know does my aura just auto attack if I get close to it.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's how it works.
kate: All right, well then, I guess it's worth dashing.
Mike Sackton: Are you going into the midst, that seems dangerous.
kate: With my spiritual guardians.
Timothy Sackton: You can also katha bonus action spell if you.
Timothy Sackton: Do after right into the midst, if you choose to do this.
kate: I mean, I could just cast a spell here.
How.
Mike Sackton: How high up as the mist.
About.
Timothy Sackton: 2030 feet.
Mike Sackton: So it goes up a fair bet.
Timothy Sackton: It goes up a fair bed yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe probably more like 2030 feet.
kate: Because they're not going to see it very well if I.
kate: try to do it ranged attack.
Correct.
Timothy Sackton: Down with you are no sorry.
Timothy Sackton: seek or your next.
kate: i'll just.
kate: seekers next.
kate: This vicious mockery not meet site.
kate: i'll just i'll go into the midst probably not the smartest thing.
kate: So i'm just gonna dash a little bit ways in to get him within the right in the edge of my little bubble So what does that, like three.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: make a wisdom saving throw.
kate: wisdom.
kate: settings for this whole thing.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: As you.
Timothy Sackton: As you enter the midst, you can hear somewhere deeper in there is there is some whispering something calling to you some.
Timothy Sackton: Some structure sounders thing you can see vaguely in the midst, and you start you're drawn towards it, you start walking towards that, so how much movement, you have another.
Timothy Sackton: Another 10 feet of movement right.
kate: You say say.
Timothy Sackton: And you're just you're pulled your compels every turn to move to spend your full movement moving deeper into the mess razzmatazz now vanished from site from the rest of you.
don't.
Timothy Sackton: need a bonus action.
kate: yeah I better since I came in here for it.
kate: So.
kate: hold on to my spiritual guardians do anything.
kate: On first I do something.
Timothy Sackton: On non on your turn on the turn of anybody who starts their turn within your spiritual gardens automatically takes deferential.
kate: Okay, all right.
kate: So I can have like a real action speller just a real are well now next to him.
Timothy Sackton: Just a bonus action, because you use your actions dash.
kate: So do I have any bonus action step spells I don't.
Timothy Sackton: spiritual weapon as a bonus action spot.
kate: But only if I I thought that was the one I had to cast as a real action and then.
Timothy Sackton: know a cast as a bonus action.
kate: It fine I will cast.
Timothy Sackton: So you stride into the midst, and while you you're here this.
Timothy Sackton: caution in front of you, you keep your focus on your main goal, and this spiritual hammer appears next to you.
Timothy Sackton: Because it's heavily obscured you gotta roll with disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: says, I mean I just roll another day.
2020.
Timothy Sackton: Roll the attack against all the attack again.
kate: that's what I was going to do, and then you said, the thing about the thing.
kate: The attack again.
Timothy Sackton: Well don't cast the.
Timothy Sackton: No.
kate: I don't think I cast it again.
kate: today.
Timothy Sackton: You didn't.
Timothy Sackton: Just type.
Timothy Sackton: Type type that.
Timothy Sackton: Are Wendy 20 plus seven.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that Mrs sadly.
kate: It accidentally uses a slot.
Timothy Sackton: I you'll have to check your character sheet I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: seeker you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: Give inspiration to raise one.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then get in range for vicious mockery.
Timothy Sackton: Does that require site.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see.
Eric Rosenbaum: creature, you can see.
Eric Rosenbaum: um so I can't see either them that true.
Timothy Sackton: You cannot see either of them they're they're both in the mists.
Timothy Sackton: that's fine that's probably only like the obscured she's right at the edge still.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can I can give her inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: You can give her inspiration yeah okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm gonna do that.
kate: Or the end of a rope.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah well i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rope ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can animate the rope ladder, will be able to attack on this turn anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why not worth it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anyway, any other suggestions about what else to do i'm not sure what to do.
kate: seriously rescued me from the miss.
Eric Rosenbaum: What gave you inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: And i'm not getting closer to the mists myself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): toss a line.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like Tata group tours and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Literally go over the rope ladder.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: How long is the rope ladder TIM.
Timothy Sackton: Is not it's like 10 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, maybe 15 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I haven't actual rope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probably yeah definitely broke.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: check all broke were ventures.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who doesn't have rope other it is 30 feet um so that's a sphere that I here let's see.
Eric Rosenbaum: So i'll just sort of jog whoops change the cursor thing like down here.
Eric Rosenbaum: With a little closer like there and try to toss the rope to raise when.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do I check if that works.
Timothy Sackton: make a make a dexterity check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: it's not a very hard DC.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you get into the rope she doesn't seem to pick it up or anything but it.
Timothy Sackton: lands in here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, and flooding the road.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, she has inspiration kenza Europe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's almost dead right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will instead of running into the midst.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Musa Mr planner power.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, do you need to be able to see to do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: choose a target within 30 feet of you.
Timothy Sackton: I guess not.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah we can do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck yeah, so I will do that.
Timothy Sackton: gets.
Timothy Sackton: strength sage is not strong.
Timothy Sackton: What is a four so you just you can omit like your fist as you like reach out and do this punch it almost clears the mist a little bit seeking its target and as that strikes this creature it begins to just dissipate into just blend into the midst it sort of fades away.
Timothy Sackton: into nothingness.
Timothy Sackton: Nice just vanished.
Timothy Sackton: into the into the myths around you.
Timothy Sackton: Rizwan, however, is still running deeper into the midst.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
Mike Sackton: Anyway, it's not her turn, yet you can get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: You still have.
Mike Sackton: don't don't go in the midst that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um I just yell out to raise when risk when run towards my voice.
Eric Rosenbaum: should work.
Timothy Sackton: Failing at work.
Timothy Sackton: Where do you want to do.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to cast may change and tie the rope Roger waste.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There you go.
Eric Rosenbaum: nice idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you're good at your very good match and user.
Timothy Sackton: make a spell casting ability chuck.
Mike Sackton: So I spell attack basically.
Timothy Sackton: About back yeah.
Timothy Sackton: wow be what are you doing.
Mike Sackton: Why does there we go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): uh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's see is the is the Avatar guy dead.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I got it.
Timothy Sackton: you're not.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know how strong, it is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Moving go back and just cover this other guy who's cowering.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you still hear this.
Timothy Sackton: song this noise i'm telling you to move forward so.
Timothy Sackton: This is a three week.
Mike Sackton: i'm also just gonna grab the secret I are both very.
Mike Sackton: very weak people together might be a struggle to.
Timothy Sackton: make us through.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is heavy with their plate.
Mike Sackton: yeah but, if you like, chips and falls, maybe she'll get another safety.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, not holds.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry speaker and down with roll one of you bolstering check with the best you both have the same terrible strength right.
Mike Sackton: minus one, you also have minus one secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
row.
Timothy Sackton: wow that was.
Eric Rosenbaum: me enough i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Not short.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I will say that gives you another safe.
kate: Do I need to roll up with another Western safe.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And remember, you have inspiration.
Mike Sackton: And you don't need.
Timothy Sackton: You don't need that.
Timothy Sackton: You sure to shake your head and the rope pulling you short i'm from minds you.
Timothy Sackton: Like you sort of come to come to yourself, again, and this like noise, the song that was calling you into the mist and.
Timothy Sackton: Or you can still hear it, but it's compulsion on you ends and you grab the rope and you sort of are able to pull yourself back out of the mists.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's like twice in one day.
Eric Rosenbaum: getting out of a fog.
Timothy Sackton: Now the other time was yesterday was last night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well yeah.
kate: Daily activity.
Mike Sackton: The other times it wasn't really her fault, she was stuck in the fox she just followed welby foolishly.
Timothy Sackton: Right, nobody should follow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not foolishly they should do it deliberately.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Timothy Sackton: that's us out as as the scene sort of quiet comes over the top of the hill.
Timothy Sackton: One on werewolf presumably but not shifted into where will form cowering in the corner of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the tower.
Timothy Sackton: The other in where will form unconscious behind the tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and drive the body over to the camp.
Mike Sackton: let's search the camp and Terry.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we're going to unwrap those.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, so there's not much.
Eric Rosenbaum: here's a camp, except that.
Timothy Sackton: There are seven additional spears carved with the words mad one come to us let's do next, how will be heard.
Timothy Sackton: In these canvas wraps.
Timothy Sackton: The rope ladder is at least 50 feet long longer than your other rope ladder and as spike's at the top, so you can anchored into dirt Earth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to take definitely taken that rope ladders.
Mike Sackton: rope he's getting an upgrade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You need to study how to do animate more than one.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know right I would be amazing.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that is a fifth level style called animate objects let's do that.
Timothy Sackton: cool so tomorrow apples.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: What do you do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Trying to add a rope ladder to me.
um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's interrogate the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: world.
Mike Sackton: healing would be.
Totally.
Mike Sackton: out of line.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we werewolf the world's.
kate: All right, they.
kate: Billing and interested in.
Mike Sackton: Little yeah.
kate: Just ritual.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: The the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well there's only one conscious right now.
Timothy Sackton: there's only one conscious and she is definitely like i'm.
Timothy Sackton: intrigued by the idea well make somebody make persuasion check whoever is trying to sell her on the idea.
kate: Right well well okay.
kate: Now we can.
Timothy Sackton: Take two of you can roll or one of can vote with advantage.
Mike Sackton: Oh, we both for all the 10.
Timothy Sackton: She is she is.
Timothy Sackton: She definitely believes you that, like this cult has ended, and this scene in front of her was not quite what she was sold as the outcome of this.
Timothy Sackton: ritual.
Timothy Sackton: So she is intrigued.
Timothy Sackton: I presume you've also like tighter up.
Timothy Sackton: or.
Timothy Sackton: guarding her.
Timothy Sackton: You need something some items some.
Timothy Sackton: trinket or memory from her past life if you are going to do this, which he definitely does not have here.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: But she's.
Timothy Sackton: open to the idea of.
kate: It so we have to go back to the lake main.
kate: wearable flare in town.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Presumably, if she is from the layer you could find something there that would be.
Timothy Sackton: Although she has been aware well for a long enough time it might be quite difficult.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, should we should we role played interrogator Philip.
sure.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: If she seems open to the idea of not being a werewolf I think we should take the approach of while Okay, and we think that's great Can you help us understand what was going on here because.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hence last role play this moment with.
kate: You finish your sentence.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean dealt with will.
Mike Sackton: Sit down with her, and we have any yeah we have some weight.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're planning on a week.
Timothy Sackton: journey yay staff.
Mike Sackton: offer her some food and.
Mike Sackton: drink and.
Mike Sackton: Now, like water and and ask her.
Mike Sackton: If she could.
Mike Sackton: Tell us when she came here.
What she was doing.
Timothy Sackton: She she eats a little bit and drinks and and kind of looks around.
Timothy Sackton: We keep watch.
Timothy Sackton: On the mad one.
Timothy Sackton: looks down at the pool of blood and guts on the ground and find her for.
Timothy Sackton: it's gone now.
Mike Sackton: How long have you been here.
Timothy Sackton: Week.
Timothy Sackton: Two of us and chefs.
Timothy Sackton: week here then back.
To.
Timothy Sackton: Back to toe cry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many are you how many there are you.
Timothy Sackton: I think.
Timothy Sackton: 15 and total 16 with the mad one.
Timothy Sackton: Are you sure that this.
Timothy Sackton: magic you speak of can work.
Timothy Sackton: very sure me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Mike Sackton: You can remember something of your past life, yes.
Timothy Sackton: It was only a few months ago.
Timothy Sackton: ready to live.
Timothy Sackton: Here outside of town.
Timothy Sackton: Is in the refugee camps.
Timothy Sackton: By the river.
Timothy Sackton: came came from the East, with so many others.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How were you recruited.
Timothy Sackton: I wouldn't say I had a choice I just.
Timothy Sackton: Was I when I.
Timothy Sackton: was attacked and.
Timothy Sackton: bad news myself up and then a month later, they came and found me and said.
Timothy Sackton: I had been having.
Timothy Sackton: horrible night malls.
Timothy Sackton: shakes out a little they're.
Timothy Sackton: still here and they said it could not be cured, and all I.
Timothy Sackton: can only hope was to.
Timothy Sackton: was to join them and.
Timothy Sackton: jenna could give me power.
Timothy Sackton: My didn't know what to do.
Timothy Sackton: and followed them.
Timothy Sackton: After seeing what I had become.
Timothy Sackton: What polite society would have me if there was no cure.
Mike Sackton: The other one.
Mike Sackton: We see a refugee as well.
Mike Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: I think I was.
Timothy Sackton: one of only two recent converts.
Timothy Sackton: There was another man named number.
Timothy Sackton: But no, he was.
Timothy Sackton: He was the one.
Timothy Sackton: The one who.
Timothy Sackton: Infected me.
Timothy Sackton: sway over me while he was.
Timothy Sackton: near he could.
Timothy Sackton: influence me control me somehow if.
Timothy Sackton: If you are conscious and looking at me now I don't think I could be speaking to you.
Mike Sackton: He seemed.
Mike Sackton: nervous, as well as all.
Timothy Sackton: If you've killed everybody.
Timothy Sackton: Then, are.
Timothy Sackton: The year long project of.
Timothy Sackton: The fraternity.
Timothy Sackton: More than a year decades long project is over, maybe he was.
Timothy Sackton: shaking shaken.
Mike Sackton: What do you know if the fraternity in this project, what did they tell you.
Timothy Sackton: That I would bring power to the werewolves, then we would grow strong.
Timothy Sackton: We could live forever.
Timothy Sackton: Spread are.
Timothy Sackton: Spread ourselves across the land.
Timothy Sackton: said.
Timothy Sackton: genetics Avatar would bless us if we could get into that place and she glances over her shoulder at the mess.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not so sure he would have not just eaten all of our minds.
Mike Sackton: gibbering at the piles.
Mike Sackton: You know demon that we killed I think that's probably genetics blessing.
Timothy Sackton: He was prepared to be the sacrifice.
Timothy Sackton: So mad one to bring the mad one.
Timothy Sackton: thing if you had not.
Timothy Sackton: told him the.
Timothy Sackton: Others were dad he might not have acted so drastically.
Timothy Sackton: It is called does anybody else.
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of shivering a little bit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's continue this conversation away from the mists.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If that sounds wise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You want to start the tower.
Timothy Sackton: You dead.
Mike Sackton: It was just.
It just the spirit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's take the spirits with us to destroy.
Mike Sackton: And the unconscious what do.
Timothy Sackton: yeah what are you gonna do with him.
Mike Sackton: bring him.
kate: bring up.
kate: To prisoners and a bunch of spears to town or do we need to get.
kate: You up.
Timothy Sackton: She need looks nervous she says.
Timothy Sackton: If you bring him, make sure he.
Timothy Sackton: stays unconscious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like bind him and all that stuff you know.
My.
Timothy Sackton: mind is clear now that it's been for some time, if he.
Timothy Sackton: looks at me I don't.
Timothy Sackton: know what will happen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We blindfold him.
As just gonna sound.
Mike Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: mean so.
Timothy Sackton: Side question did you bring your horses, if you are planning on heading north, I assume, yes.
Mike Sackton: yeah yes.
Mike Sackton: Not.
Mike Sackton: Not we left them probably a little ways back.
Timothy Sackton: Right oh actually you can't do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can put a guy on on the floating disco to go back.
Eric Rosenbaum: A good call.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah God damn we're never gonna fucking naked to see soccer Jesus.
Mike Sackton: Christ died.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on track by fucking worlds.
But.
Mike Sackton: It feels like we should interrogate this.
Mike Sackton: let's get away from the tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Mike Sackton: yeah hey come unconscious on the desk and have chicken walk.
Mike Sackton: will get away from the tower.
Mike Sackton: And then I think we should have a little sidebar out of her your shot.
Mike Sackton: But I think we should.
Mike Sackton: If he he seemed i'm.
Mike Sackton: hesitant he did surrender or was close to read.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And he surrendered.
Mike Sackton: He did surrender.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, he ran.
Mike Sackton: Well, he ran once the.
Timothy Sackton: yeah masia clearly not gonna attack.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: He made.
Mike Sackton: No more.
Mike Sackton: But I wonder if we should make him.
Mike Sackton: what's your name.
Mike Sackton: The high priestess is probably.
Timothy Sackton: Less yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm fine with that well, the one thing that may be useful to learn it's unclear, if this this character is high enough in the leadership, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe we can learn something about if they negotiated with agata or.
Mike Sackton: Actually, when you come from when did he come yeah.
Mike Sackton: Those are quest that's why I think it's worth not killing it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I agree.
Mike Sackton: I mean we could interrogate him first and see if he's willing to talk, he may not be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's get it get off the hill interrogate him.
kate: Get the two of them separate.
Mike Sackton: that's what I was gonna suggest is can we yeah one person should take.
Mike Sackton: The woman like.
Mike Sackton: A couple hundred feet at least way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think what about taking her in fact taking both of them like back to the House and interrogating them underneath we could find something from her past life.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Secret can you create like manacles can you create silver manacles out of nothing.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a good idea for early yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I know that they last for a decent, while a few hours at least.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's see I forget.
Eric Rosenbaum: Three hours.
Mike Sackton: that's I mean silver medical seem like a very useful way to hold the werewolf right.
Eric Rosenbaum: medicals could be up to like 10 feet across but probably need to just be medical side.
Timothy Sackton: Not if they're made in a silver because you're also limited by i've.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah yeah.
Actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: tip that I can be more than 20 times you're barred Valley.
Timothy Sackton: Well that's pretty good amount of silver.
Mike Sackton: 20 times your bar level.
Mike Sackton: What do we go seven seventh level.
Eric Rosenbaum: 40 so.
Mike Sackton: Like gold yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah that's.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's like that's like.
Timothy Sackton: Multiple 10s of pounds of silver, some are like maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: So they can be silver plated and still work.
Mike Sackton: To be solid.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We could be just really highly polished nickel.
Eric Rosenbaum: werewolves are fooled by that okay so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Solid silver manacles.
you're just showing off.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And then, if you really.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, got into trouble you could animate the silver manacles and have them attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's that's true.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so silver manacles appear out of thin air at secrets feet and you.
Timothy Sackton: in prison, the man.
Timothy Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: Are we gonna wake him up Can somebody you know.
Mike Sackton: The unconscious him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're gonna get like at least a half mile away from.
Mike Sackton: The hill first right.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah we're gonna go all the way back into yeah good good we.
Mike Sackton: Are we are we not going all the way back into the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): list of.
Timothy Sackton: titles, you can go back to the tunnels that will take you another couple hours.
Mike Sackton: You might well we just.
Mike Sackton: Created the medicals so what's.
Mike Sackton: Not what's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This doing right here.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, we stopped them up sucking wake him up.
Timothy Sackton: Okay yeah you can you can I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody make a medicine check well i'll be used to run around making.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Medicine check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's a terrible.
Timothy Sackton: Now he's not coming awake.
Timothy Sackton: he's out called.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well i'm used to smaller you know it's just hard when it's so big and we'll see.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you could certainly heal them if you wanted to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: me I can make a messenger.
Timothy Sackton: Now he's like that's not going to help ease the Madison check determine how unconsciously was and now in the world he's super unconscious.
Mike Sackton: Just to um.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, can we take a short rest while we're doing this, too.
sure.
Mike Sackton: I could really use some that Bobby that sword really hurt.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel really.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bad about that with I am I am so I mean i'm proud, on the one hand, but I feel I feel really badly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nobody got bit right.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Timothy Sackton: No yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So i'm still the only world here asymptomatic or well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You kind of hit a hard pencil.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mostly killed.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't get long werewolf that's a real problem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I may have long werewolf i'm a headache symptomatic long wearable history.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
Timothy Sackton: You all take.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would be great.
Timothy Sackton: Take a short rest and interrogate them so who's casting a healing spell.
Timothy Sackton: Is anybody or is he still unconscious.
Mike Sackton: Somebody just cast them the smallest possible healing spell that you can.
kate: Oh, you know what i'll cast a healing so I can divided up amongst however many people I want right, so I can.
Timothy Sackton: Give him now or healing spells when.
kate: it's not it is.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can cast.
Timothy Sackton: Multiple spouse, but one spell only kills one person.
Mike Sackton: I feel much better.
kate: So, like.
kate: You actually have.
kate: Something called healing I have cure burns.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's a healing spell.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so he comes away.
Timothy Sackton: Looking blindfolded struggling screaming and then sort of like Greg gritting his teeth and kind of clearly in pain from and unable to do much from the medicals also unable to see and tied up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Still he's still wearable.
Timothy Sackton: No he's just back into human form as he comes awake.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's he look like.
Timothy Sackton: he's like sort of older man sort of nondescript features.
Timothy Sackton: Broken nose looks sort of travel worn a little bit like been around the block a couple times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your plans fail.
Timothy Sackton: He just looks at you solemnly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your fraternity a sling.
Timothy Sackton: told me that already spits on the ground in front of you like grits his teeth, a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Why am I still here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe you can tell us a little bit more about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your goal.
Timothy Sackton: And goal is over.
Timothy Sackton: just want to.
Timothy Sackton: get away from you monsters.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing here for me now.
Timothy Sackton: grin grits his teeth again, let me go.
Timothy Sackton: will not hurt you.
Mike Sackton: Go that's not gonna happen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's likely to happen next, is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will bring you in submit you to the justice system and okra.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And they're likely not going to be very fond of the rampaging that you and your brother and i've been up to over the past many weeks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know Tolkien last super well but you're probably going to die.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they'll almost certainly hang you until you would be my guess but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I could be wrong.
Timothy Sackton: Try and hang me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kill you whatever how How are they have they have their ways of making sure that you, you no longer survive.
Timothy Sackton: Are you offering a different fate unlock me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're not really in a position to bargain right now.
Timothy Sackton: not in a position to do anything unless you're offering the something other than death.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, depends a little a lot on what you know and what you might be able to eliminate to us about your plans.
Timothy Sackton: Why should I tell you anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because we might be just going to be killed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We might be able to offer you an alternate to death.
Timothy Sackton: And why would that be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good question, we might have to chat a little bit about it, but we could we could.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: offer you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A prison term.
Timothy Sackton: That has no life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not death either, though.
Timothy Sackton: cannot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): heal your lung cancer.
Timothy Sackton: would like to see you try.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Would you actually cuz I mean we could try.
Timothy Sackton: There is nothing of my past life left I burned my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The problem.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where was the home that you burned.
Timothy Sackton: far away.
Timothy Sackton: Not this.
Timothy Sackton: horrible place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What language is he speaking.
Common.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll do.
Timothy Sackton: How does it start right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How does he look.
Timothy Sackton: Like late Middle Ages, maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just as an aside, of the companions anybody have a way of you know, persuading them to speak.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The thing is, we do, but I don't think that we should use it.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have multiple ways I have a spell I can cast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: jazz.
Eric Rosenbaum: suggest right that work for this oh I just need to suggest that he do something in particular.
Mike Sackton: Now tell us everything he knows.
Eric Rosenbaum: about what do you want to.
kate: Well, ideally his life in the ritual colton take a while, but we get all the information.
Mike Sackton: Tell us, you could.
Mike Sackton: Just tell us a story right.
Timothy Sackton: Is what how we get our.
Timothy Sackton: President sort of our reasonable.
Timothy Sackton: Request but but.
Mike Sackton: tell us how you became aware.
Mike Sackton: As a perfectly reasonable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Straight well yeah I mean really what we also want to know is like what's the leadership hierarchy here and like who the Fuck made the trade with agata.
Mike Sackton: Right tell us how you came to be in Tokyo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a good one.
kate: that's, why not the entire story of his life is a word.
Mike Sackton: yeah or you could I don't know suggestions, more likely to work if it's a smaller scope but.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah it's just a wisdom sitting through.
Eric Rosenbaum: But just district boundary is it can't be like self harm like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right just reasonable.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so tell me a story is definitely reasonable.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell us the story of how you came to be how you came to toker how you came to be a werewolf and what it was like working with the other werewolves.
Timothy Sackton: Okay Castle spell.
Timothy Sackton: A role for.
Timothy Sackton: justin's a great spell as seeker starts talking to him this like.
Timothy Sackton: tinge of magic in his voice and like his.
Timothy Sackton: His like face kind of.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't look friendly, but he kind of looks i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Just a little bit calmer, and he sort of looks directly at seeker sort of ignoring everybody else and.
Timothy Sackton: it's a long tail but.
Timothy Sackton: Many years ago.
Timothy Sackton: don't don't really remember how it started So what did how they came to Tokyo was the.
Eric Rosenbaum: How he came to tell her how he came to be a werewolf and what was like working with the other.
Timothy Sackton: Little I remember actually of our life before.
Timothy Sackton: Carson.
Eric Rosenbaum: Carson.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The plot thickens.
Timothy Sackton: That is where I.
Timothy Sackton: Those are my earliest memories.
Timothy Sackton: Writing hunting on the desert.
Timothy Sackton: making a living and the ruin buildings there with my Pack.
Timothy Sackton: know if we were happy exactly, but there was food.
Timothy Sackton: There was.
Timothy Sackton: It was okay.
Timothy Sackton: Until.
Timothy Sackton: 10 years ago.
Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: The fraternity.
Timothy Sackton: Of the.
Timothy Sackton: Empty moon came to town.
Timothy Sackton: One man in particular.
Timothy Sackton: He was powerful he was.
Timothy Sackton: convincing he had a vision for a future not.
Timothy Sackton: trapped.
Timothy Sackton: on the outskirts of society, not.
Timothy Sackton: Left to eat what we could kill on the desert planes.
Timothy Sackton: A vision of US reclaiming our rightful place.
Timothy Sackton: But he needed something.
Timothy Sackton: He needed some way to get into donmar and he needed.
Timothy Sackton: Something some.
Timothy Sackton: Items some.
Timothy Sackton: magic to trade with this which.
Timothy Sackton: You could do many things for us, she could help us fulfill our dreams.
Timothy Sackton: said she would even.
Timothy Sackton: Give us advice, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: And of course it was brilliant we had never nobody had ever come and spoken to us of this great future of genetics realm made flash across the land, I mean who could resist such a call.
Timothy Sackton: So we searched.
Timothy Sackton: We had a lot of junk accumulated.
Timothy Sackton: Those one thing in particular that.
Timothy Sackton: You know, he found to be.
Timothy Sackton: The thing that would seller.
Timothy Sackton: took us it was, maybe, five, six years after he came I remember my brother came home with this one night, it was a sector.
Timothy Sackton: silver and juuled seemed very strong very.
Timothy Sackton: magical.
Timothy Sackton: And he said, this is that.
Timothy Sackton: will have to make a plan with God.
Timothy Sackton: And he laughed.
Timothy Sackton: He said he'd be back before the years and.
Timothy Sackton: And he came back, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Seven months later and told us, things were in motion.
Timothy Sackton: We have to be patient because it took time to set up the plans.
Timothy Sackton: That was maybe two years ago.
Timothy Sackton: We left Carson moved West.
Timothy Sackton: Until.
Timothy Sackton: I months ago, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Four months ago, he told us the time was now.
Timothy Sackton: there's one thing here to do, he had to create a distraction first, but he had the tools.
Timothy Sackton: And then we would go slip it across the border and the night find a city, full of refugees hang out in the shadows until we could make our way to to grow.
Timothy Sackton: I couldn't believe the plan work, as well as it did he was brilliant our dear leader.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was the distraction.
Timothy Sackton: He never said he just said he.
Timothy Sackton: He would meet us on the road West once the borders were down he had to go do something for something I got there was going to help them with.
Timothy Sackton: And then we find yourself surrounded by refugees hordes of people moving West across the plains heading for toker.
Timothy Sackton: And we settled waiting.
Timothy Sackton: Waiting for the moment when the planes were in alignment.
Timothy Sackton: When.
Timothy Sackton: The connection could be open.
Timothy Sackton: But we were stumped by this.
Timothy Sackton: madness of this place until we heard some Denmark, he talking about.
Timothy Sackton: A map and a.
Timothy Sackton: clue in a secret.
Timothy Sackton: So we hunted them down.
Timothy Sackton: But the map was no good or there was I didn't.
Timothy Sackton: some confusion about it, there was some secret that we didn't quite understand.
Timothy Sackton: still in work.
Timothy Sackton: it's many people working on it, I believe we were sent out here to keep watch past week, so I don't know what has happened since, maybe, in fact, the map has been solved, although.
Timothy Sackton: If what you say is true and everybody is dead, it makes no difference now.
Timothy Sackton: Just like to see it.
Timothy Sackton: What would have happened if we had.
Timothy Sackton: been able to sacrifice the mad one at the bottom of that pit.
Timothy Sackton: surrounded by 13 spears with 13 prayers.
Timothy Sackton: would have been a glorious site.
Eric Rosenbaum: Accra Feist and that one.
Mike Sackton: That the guy who called himself.
Mike Sackton: The crazy.
Mike Sackton: Now, at themself we're going to sacrifice him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not as in like mad one as the nickname of genetic.
Timothy Sackton: No, no.
Mike Sackton: Mad one is being bodied actual insane werewolf that is going to be sacrificed to summon.
Eric Rosenbaum: I got it I gotta.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ask him ask him, where they got the sector where his brother got the sector.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think he knows, but I.
Timothy Sackton: mean around Carson like it's not.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We know that garage was searching Carson.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah expecting to find something there but they found the first I guess.
Mike Sackton: Well, and we know the sexual was originally was found at some point by the fire giant that stormed through Carson and originally destroyed curse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right right.
Mike Sackton: And that, but the giant had no idea what it was, it was a thing and then vision about it being a dumb brute and the separator being very unhappy.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: I think the theory is that the giant found the sector, somewhere, but didn't know what it was, and so the sector last itself from the MIC basically fled the giants possession, which actually suggested we should be careful that it's not gonna play out possession.
Eric Rosenbaum: whoa.
Mike Sackton: If it's like one ring ass great, and it can it can.
Eric Rosenbaum: have some.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Real gently Pat the backpack to confirm it's in they're.
Timothy Sackton: always there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Look real subtly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will say hey buddies to the sector.
kate: hey.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Everyone hey buddy.
Mike Sackton: hey.
Mike Sackton: terribly dangerous thing that never be friend.
Mike Sackton: that's why.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): everyone's got that one friend who's like it's their friend, but like you're not going to go out with that person, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if we all attuned to the sector at the same time.
Timothy Sackton: Only one person can be attained at once.
Mike Sackton: So do we have any other.
Mike Sackton: Questions for this guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So up to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Seven years of planning five years of searching.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Two years of setting the groundwork to get here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And, and all of this over there, like 10 of you cuz cuz a bunch of them were added later It just seems like you're so few.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To have done so much.
Timothy Sackton: know there were never many of us.
Timothy Sackton: hey.
Timothy Sackton: Our leader was strong.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): did your leader carry the sword.
Timothy Sackton: Is his eyes fall.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that was his weapon.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where did he come from your leader.
Timothy Sackton: Already east.
Timothy Sackton: don't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): East, of course.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: He had been hit well not him.
Timothy Sackton: The fraternity had been here before.
Timothy Sackton: tried once long time ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello.
Timothy Sackton: hundred or more years.
Mike Sackton: We had a note, or something about it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Those were the record some of the records go via was looking through was of fighting the fraternity.
Timothy Sackton: were driven east.
Timothy Sackton: driven out of done mine I guess wandered.
Timothy Sackton: lost in the desert since then tell.
Timothy Sackton: Tell a visionary came to power and saw way forward.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wow.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So let's just summarize our understanding here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That we now know that the werewolves came from the east, they somehow found sector in Carson before garage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Use the sector traded it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To agata.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In exchange for passage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To Telegraph so that they could.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bypass the protections of chicken.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): passage which requires two things first for the borders to be dropped, and second, for there to be a refugee crisis that they could slip in with presumably that's the scroll case, then that they go and set up and ravens hold to start the nola tex.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait what's the smokies.
Mike Sackton: That it suggests that Agha tat.
Mike Sackton: As part of the chapter.
Mike Sackton: had both.
Mike Sackton: The scroll basically both created the knowles and.
Mike Sackton: stole chickens hard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way I don't understand about the scroll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): case that.
That.
Mike Sackton: That the scroll which summon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The demon.
Mike Sackton: yeah which was creating all the noles.
Mike Sackton: Yes, right was connected to both the werewolves and ravens.
Mike Sackton: Yes, and I don't.
Mike Sackton: it's still unclear to me how the.
Mike Sackton: vision of agata getting the separator and exchange for the scroll case.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because it wasn't exactly an exchange for the scroll case she gave them the scroll to create the distraction, the trade wasn't like a one for one of the sector to.
scroll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: traction.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly, it was in order to get in i'm giving you this to go run the Aaron to set it up over there, to create the refugee crisis for you to slip in right.
Mike Sackton: So the plate so she's getting it's it looks like she's getting the the sector for the scroll case but really she's getting the step turn exchange for.
Mike Sackton: doing the.
Mike Sackton: Chickens hard and she's actually giving the scroll case as part of a plan, not as something that the werewolves one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): she's getting she's getting the sector in return for getting them into took her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Rights which involves releasing the heart of creating goodness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wow this was not any of our guests.
Timothy Sackton: Know Jackson is a great style.
Mike Sackton: also tell us the truth.
Timothy Sackton: I had four different way of the session, you could have found the truth.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow that's cool I like it, it means that that sector is incredibly valuable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we know that we've always done that but.
Mike Sackton: it's it's one of three or five or.
Mike Sackton: Two or whatever.
Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's one of an integer number of powerfully.
Mike Sackton: But a small integer like a one digit ID did you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Senator.
Mike Sackton: um but but there's also the quote like there's a quote that somebody hunting the fat i'm.
Mike Sackton: Nick rock and it was also hundred for the.
Mike Sackton: cloak which which deadens the gods.
Timothy Sackton: So, so let me, let me just break in here for a moment to suggest it's at 1145 we have two options i'm happy with either one we could either just wind down the session here if people if you actually do want to go North i'm happy to go another 45 minutes we could certainly get to.
Timothy Sackton: The beginnings of soccer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we need to find something to do on the way to soccer that will take the entire next session.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Totally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is, this has been our at least third or fourth session we've been trying to go to soccer and.
Mike Sackton: i'm as much fun, as it would be to keep going, I am really tired I don't know if i'm going to ask 45 more minutes, we had a sleep over last night.
Mike Sackton: For other 10 year olds, and so I did sleep some but they woke up at six and then go to bed till midnight so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now let's go with me too.
Timothy Sackton: i'm okay.
Timothy Sackton: Well that's that's spend 15 minutes wrapping up, yes, then that then i'll just won't rust you out of this moment to get you North I am so you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was.
Eric Rosenbaum: Trying to.
Timothy Sackton: go to bed early because reserve was gonna go back with the prisoners and you're gonna go North but.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's reasonable.
Mike Sackton: that's actually a good plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but wait so did we solve are we done with the campaign now we'd like solved it all of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like over.
Mike Sackton: You like no and now we want to understand why these artifacts of incredible power are floating around out there and why the society, the open scroll is trying to find my garage and the society they open scroller both trying to find.
Eric Rosenbaum: It and I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): was abducted and why all the mystery 30 years ago did this thing.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't crash, the value of his call and argot that all three of them desperately acceptor enough to like do a huge amount of magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah right.
Mike Sackton: Right like, why do we have the one ring And what are we supposed to do next with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with it.
Timothy Sackton: happening yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): start making getting along well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Making non.
Eric Rosenbaum: sceptre replicas and just kind of leave them around and places for people to find.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait so we also still don't know we don't know um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess, we need oh yeah we still don't know who created the the civil war in Denmark, like who's behind all that.
Timothy Sackton: Are right back i'm still listening.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: still involved, obviously.
Mike Sackton: But probably just hired right probably more as a.
Mike Sackton: Correct like.
Mike Sackton: The sense we had was her, she was really actually motivated by these artifacts like i'm sure she wanted the sector for real.
Mike Sackton: But yes around a Dunbar i'm sure she was paid like that was a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right so who but but who who paid her who hired her to destabilize destabilized on.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean the simplest answer would be the other faction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, harass yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And done more current.
Mike Sackton: But it does seem a little sketchy that they would have gotten.
Mike Sackton: away with.
Mike Sackton: Like the gods really are paying attention at someone like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What we're witnessing seven years ago, a peck of werewolves living Carson made a deal.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): did when we shoot abducted wasn't it seven years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh it's like.
Mike Sackton: Now I think was.
Eric Rosenbaum: All happened around the same time.
Mike Sackton: Was it TIM put a timeline somewhere, was it seven years ago is at longer.
kate: I don't remember is.
Mike Sackton: That the way that the rightful heir to the Dunbar a throne, was abducted.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Eight years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then we really freed her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because sort of by accident is.
Your.
Eric Rosenbaum: And now there's a conflict brewing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because there's been a her brother, has been the king, for the past eight years but it's not actually can.
Mike Sackton: except maybe he is.
Timothy Sackton: Since I was eight or nine years ago and also remember you do know partly what God does motives are.
Mike Sackton: prevented.
Timothy Sackton: frog are told you revenge.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean just.
Eric Rosenbaum: The.
Timothy Sackton: force academy so.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah and who would you point to if you're taking that type of long term perspective.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would you point to charted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would you point to Denmark.
Eric Rosenbaum: who's The enemy is.
Timothy Sackton: make a history.
Eric Rosenbaum: Making.
Timothy Sackton: star maker high school memory check.
Mike Sackton: I mean it.
Mike Sackton: was done Martin chart and we're both major parts of the enemies of shimmer.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, yes, they were all enemies of shabbat donmar tired in some bar the owls everybody, but you know Dunbar.
Timothy Sackton: Denmark probably dealt the most damage, even though they suffered the most in return.
Mike Sackton: it'd be very plausible for her to be wanting to screw it, I mean Maybe she she actually captured Sarah on our own just to screw with done.
Mike Sackton: She clearly was pretty happy to make done mark, I mean her whole shtick was like.
Mike Sackton: i'm gonna pretend to help them Mari and actually curse them for in terrible ways right like.
Eric Rosenbaum: make them worse again.
Mike Sackton: yeah basically.
Mike Sackton: So I think I mean it feels like the first Arc is pretty nicely wrapped up right like we know what August was doing.
Mike Sackton: We know why, but now it's like okay.
Mike Sackton: crashes and keep in mind, we were supposed to come to Tokyo before we went to.
Mike Sackton: This.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: place we were supposed.
Mike Sackton: To go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now last place that we've got when, after doing a giant tour the East going ravens all like.
Mike Sackton: Now we're supposed to go to the ravens old I think before took her positive but.
Mike Sackton: I don't know but what's supposed to happen is having learned all this, we are now supposed to go to Carson to try and see what the hell is going on in Carson that makes it the base of all these people.
Mike Sackton: Right like if we had never been to Carson Nova brush would be like Why are these wearables coming from Carson wentz to investigate.
Eric Rosenbaum: We never find out who works for.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah and garage works for some.
Timothy Sackton: This might be a more productive conversation to have after you speak with soccer i'll just.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're not gonna get to sucker for months.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A while for us to get to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure sure 10s of is like hands up a lot of things to be done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So think things we know are why the heart of check whom was taken white done Mars borders fell why ravens hold happened in the noles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We don't know what the mistake we're doing 30 years ago, why the artifacts of power so important whether charting has designs on Western done more, and if we care what crashes, up to and who works for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I also think the timing of the open scroll treasure hunt is still a little.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we'll try.
Eric Rosenbaum: And how can I help us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and wisdom.
Eric Rosenbaum: And natalie resurrect him.
Mike Sackton: And why is charted hunting, for he artifacts from from drink.
Mike Sackton: yeah like they seem specifically interested in the older like there was that letter yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and also you remember, like the whole like August I also knows about that and was trying to get Bola to like give us the items, you know right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like they're just seemed like another level of chess occurring between like i'll get a garage chart in and who else like over here that we're not quite aware of yet.
Mike Sackton: Like some.
Mike Sackton: example, like the.
Mike Sackton: Power Rangers suit or whatever somebody really wants to put everything together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
kate: You have to do everything together.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It first so if there is like some evil like arch villain in this campaign which we're now like almost two years into and it's not totally obvious if there is one, maybe there isn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice, if there is one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But likely identity of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: entity is garages boss.
Mike Sackton: I think it's the party.
Mike Sackton: we're gonna turn you know when we get the facts.
Right.
Mike Sackton: there's a long game here.
Timothy Sackton: Who ever assembled all the facts first is going to be the villain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then.
Timothy Sackton: Pay arkadin when you make your your next characters to take out these guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was, I was gonna say when do we how.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we slowly become n PCs and then like we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll be fun.
Timothy Sackton: restaurant in Chicago can form the nucleus of a party to take out their former teammates.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you need a ton of yet.
Timothy Sackton: No car, you need to connect us by email.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do, let me remind me i'll connect you guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: To do right now it's like clinton's emails to.
Timothy Sackton: Open it start opening email right now and type it as soon as as soon as we sign off see him.
Timothy Sackton: it's still what like only nine o'clock in California, you can do.
It.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so just to like wrap things up somewhere will start next time and then happy to chat more about where things are but.
Timothy Sackton: So, after having interrogated these werewolves you what.
Mike Sackton: I think the plan, we stated, is the same plan right we're gonna raise one's gonna cure the woman and we're giving the other one to die.
Timothy Sackton: To.
Mike Sackton: Do whatever she wants.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so you'll you'll go back to town, basically, I mean one option would be, we can just kind of hand wave to going back to town stuff.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we should do that yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Longer asked.
Timothy Sackton: Are you going to take her take a rest in town before you had.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: norris please let it hit once you're going to get a long rest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should take a short rest and spend hit dyson get up there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah we get up there today look by nightfall.
Mike Sackton: yeah I think we should do that to just burn hit they say okay your hip points back.
kate: yeah I think healing to.
Mike Sackton: and get the hell you.
Mike Sackton: Okay it's coming with us as she's going back to.
kate: Think i'm gonna hang out in town.
kate: hanging out with my Durban in friend you guys go.
Mike Sackton: You were just here for the werewolf.
Timothy Sackton: wow she'll still be in Tokyo a maybe we'll reconnect when you get back from suck.
Mike Sackton: that's gonna be like in four years.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Well, no.
Mike Sackton: No, no, we haven't come back.
Timothy Sackton: Because you have to get your your.
Timothy Sackton: Part of the whole you're definitely not going to forget about that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nothing has to happen during type it listen, can you identify all are unknown magic stuff before we go.
Timothy Sackton: I thought you identified all your magic stuff.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I thought we ended up, we have a couple of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To potions.
Timothy Sackton: oh two potions from that yeah that's easy to do those those are.
Timothy Sackton: One of those is a portion of.
kate: fearful concentrating.
Timothy Sackton: Potion upgrade our healing.
Mike Sackton: that's useful.
Timothy Sackton: And a posting of advantage which I don't know if that's on the end beyond or if I made it up um.
Timothy Sackton: I think it's on there.
Mike Sackton: Ken said, you want to take the push and have greater healing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like right now.
Mike Sackton: No, no don't use it now, but somebody she has put on their character sheet sure you seem to take a lot of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know i'm always as far as possible from comment.
Timothy Sackton: And post your advantage gives you.
Timothy Sackton: Your drink potion and then for the next hour, you can pick one ability check attack roller saving throw that you have to take it.
Timothy Sackton: And then, it adds.
kate: Enough taking damage.
kate: or my friend 11 hit points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, please.
kate: Somebody else need something.
Mike Sackton: Now that was fine I between hit dyson my.
Timothy Sackton: Gaining backs blades curse.
Mike Sackton: plays curse i'm back.
Mike Sackton: I only took damage primarily from welby anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much that get back to me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 13 again I feel.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): very bad about.
Mike Sackton: Okay, what are like.
Mike Sackton: I didn't attack you would I forget who dealt with attack.
Timothy Sackton: me.
Mike Sackton: Is when who you know, no, no.
Mike Sackton: No back a long time ago.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I forget who it was it might have been well based.
Timothy Sackton: So where you think it was well be.
Mike Sackton: In the giants.
Mike Sackton: Thank you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right, we're Square.
Mike Sackton: square you bed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't get this worker.
Timothy Sackton: So you can use as many as you want up to the number, you have, which is, I think it's your level.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You only got half of the ones you use back on a long rest So if you use all seven of them, you only get three back when you sleep and then you'll get three back the next time you sleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright.
Timothy Sackton: Alright, each one is just you roll a.
Mike Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: Oh you've already used for so you only have three more to use it looks like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As you added them back, since our of my last long.
Timothy Sackton: roscoe and automatically as back when you take a long rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I did you try and use them and not add your.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, this was this was this was in the werewolves their cans, I took a bunch of damage and roll the dice.
Timothy Sackton: You all use a lot of hit dies in the.
Timothy Sackton: world but you're going to be able to sleep it won't matter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is I can.
Timothy Sackton: mess, right now, so you can use three so so role 3D eight plus three and add that to your employees.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now is i'm full.
Mike Sackton: that's a good role.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um yeah.
Mike Sackton: See we're all set so if we if we send her is when.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, let's do that.
Mike Sackton: Then we could just start next session on the road north.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: Without any distractions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're excited.
Mike Sackton: and West, we want to go check out the monk Center way or some.
Eric Rosenbaum: distractions i'm interested in.
Timothy Sackton: Lots of distractions I mean.
Timothy Sackton: The route you take brings you within like 15 within like a day's journey of the power where the walk among felt.
Mike Sackton: that's what i'm saying, unless you want to check out.
Mike Sackton: The monk Center way north.
Timothy Sackton: But it's like a it's like a two day journey probably two or three day journey know what.
Eric Rosenbaum: could possibly go wrong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we also could go into the pandemonium fog.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's right there.
Timothy Sackton: We have.
Mike Sackton: brings it closer maybe we should use that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I I think our first off world trip should be the say well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I.
Eric Rosenbaum: want to try to experiment with that oil.
Eric Rosenbaum: That they use to capture the arborio energy with the pandemonium and just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ooh.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I think TIM says that way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What good thing could possibly come of that seeker well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is the outcome which you're happy about that you hope for their.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is is neutral.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's how you use it that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That creates seeker.
Mike Sackton: seeker is low, totally i'm not sure that's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker is Kevin as well, like worst nightmare.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like let's just make the bio weapons to see if we can prevent bio weapons, you know it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: going to work.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you're curious to see what happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's gonna be great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Mike Sackton: magic insane oil.
Mike Sackton: it'll probably like attack us.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Right your sneakers definitely the arch villain of this campaign.